<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form10kfor063002.txt
<TEXT>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    Form 10-K
     (Mark One)

     [X]  ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
          OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2003

     [ ]  TRANSITION  REPORT  UNDER  SECTION  13 OR 15(d)  OF THE  SECURITIES
          EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to ____

                         Commission file number 0-20468

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
               (Exact name of issuer as specified in its charter)

          DELAWARE                                           68-0195770
  (State or other jurisdiction                              (IRS Employer
of incorporation or organization                          Identification No.)

                       629 J STREET, SACRAMENTO, CA 95814
          (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

                                 (916) 231-0400
                (Issuer's telephone number, including area code)

              Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act:
          Title of Each Class Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
                                      NONE

              Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act:

                     COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $0.01 PER SHARE
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X]  No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is an  accelerated  filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [ ]  No [X]

The  aggregate  market value of the common stock held by  non-affiliates  of the
registrant  based  upon  the  average  bid  and  asked  price  reported  on  the
OTC-Bulletin Board on December 31, 2002, of $0.70 per share, was $16,955,128.

Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at September 19, 2003: 72,476,014

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Company's  definitive  Proxy Statement for the Company's  Annual
Meeting of  Stockholders  are  incorporated  by reference in Part III. The Proxy
Statement will be filed within 120 days of the Company's fiscal year end.

                      Exhibit index is located on page 50.


<PAGE>



                                TABLE OF CONTENTS


PART I                                                               PAGE NUMBER

ITEM 1   Business..............................................................3
ITEM 2   Description of Property..............................................13
ITEM 3   Legal Proceedings....................................................13
ITEM 4   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders..................13

PART II

ITEM 5   Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters.............14
ITEM 6   Selected Financial Data..............................................16
ITEM 7   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
         Results of Operation.................................................16
ITEM 7A  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk...........24
ITEM 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data..........................25
ITEM 9   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
         Disclosure...........................................................49
ITEM 9A  Controls and Procedures..............................................49

PART III
ITEM 10  Directors and Executive Officers of the Company......................49
ITEM 11  Executive Compensation...............................................49
ITEM 12  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.......49
ITEM 13  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.......................49
ITEM 14  Principal Accountant Fees and Services...............................49
ITEM 15  Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules, and Reports on Forms 8-K...50


                                       2
<PAGE>



                                     PART I

     With the exception of historical facts stated herein, the matters discussed
in this  Form 10-K are  "forward  looking"  statements  that  involve  risks and
uncertainties  that  could  cause  actual  results  to  differ  materially  from
projected  results.  Such  "forward  looking"  statements  include,  but are not
necessarily  limited  to  statements  regarding  anticipated  levels  of  future
revenues and earnings from the operations of Alternative  Technology  Resources,
Inc.,  projected  costs and expenses  related to the  operations of the Company,
liquidity,  capital  resources,  and  availability  of future equity  capital on
commercially reasonable terms. Factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially are discussed under "Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial   Condition   and  Results  of  Operations  -  Liquidity  and  Capital
Resources." Readers of this Form 10-K are cautioned not to put undue reliance on
"forward  looking"  statements,   which,  by  their  nature,  are  not  reliable
indicators  of future  performance.  We disclaims  any intent or  obligation  to
publicly update these "forward looking"  statements,  whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise.

     As used in this  report,  the  terms  "we,"  "us,"  "our",  "ATR,"  and the
"Company"  mean  Alternative   Technology  Resources,   Inc.,  unless  otherwise
indicated.

Item 1.  Business

GENERAL

     We are engaged in the business of operating a Healthcare Exchange under the
name  "DoctorandPatientTM."  The  purpose  of  the  Healthcare  Exchange  is  to
facilitate  provider initiated discounts for all commercial lines of business in
the healthcare industry. The Healthcare Exchange offers a direct conduit between
medical doctors,  medical groups,  hospitals and other healthcare  practitioners
(collectively  "Providers") and those who purchase or facilitate the purchase of
healthcare   services   and/or  their   agents,   such  as  Preferred   Provider
Organizations ("Purchasers").  The Healthcare Exchange is used in the absence of
an existing  agreement  between the  Provider and the  Purchaser  of  healthcare
services.

     Under the Healthcare Exchange program Providers submit claims to us, and we
process  and  reprice  the  claims to the rate set by the  Providers,  including
adding a  transaction-processing  fee.  We then  route  the  adjusted  claims to
Purchasers  or their  intermediaries.  We receive  payments  from  Purchasers on
behalf of Providers, and then remit payments to Providers.

     During fiscal 2003, we experienced  substantial  loss in  implementing  and
operating the Healthcare  Exchange.  As a result, we are revising our Healthcare
Exchange program to provide for a direct pay program whereby  Providers'  claims
will be sent to the Purchasers  via our Healthcare  Exchange and payment will be
made directly to the Providers. We will then invoice the Providers a transaction
fee for each claim processed and forwarded to the Purchaser.

     Our Healthcare Exchange began operations with a limited number of Providers
and  Purchasers  in the quarter  ending June 30,  2001.  We continue to receive,
process,  and  analyze  operating  data,  and the results of our  analysis  will
determine the amount and timing of remaining development related efforts.

     There  are no  geographic  limitations  to the  recruitment  of  Providers.
However, our primary recruitment efforts have been in 15 states and the District
of Columbia.

     We have  outsourced to multiple  vendors  portions of the  development  and
operations of the information systems for the Healthcare  Exchange.  We contract
with an application  services  provider to license,  support and run software to
process medical claims submitted to the Company's Healthcare  Exchange.  We also

                                       3
<PAGE>

work  with  vendors  to  receive  claims  from  Providers   through   electronic
clearinghouses  and to convert  paper  claims into  electronic  formats.  We are
evaluating other potential technology vendors as well.

     We do not provide healthcare services,  but rather act as a neutral conduit
between Providers and Purchasers including preferred provider organizations.  We
believe that our Healthcare  Exchange provides both economic and  administrative
efficiencies  to both  Providers and  Purchasers in the absence of a traditional
health plan agreement.

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

     During  fiscal year 2003, we focused our attention on expanding our markets
in order to try to increase our revenues. In line with our objectives,  we hired
a significant number of employees to promote the Healthcare Exchange. This rapid
growth in employees  placed a significant  strain upon our  financial  resources
without producing sufficient revenue to accommodate this growth. As a result, we
had to take steps to reduce our  expenses in an effort to improve our  financial
condition.  Such steps included closing our headquarters  located in Portsmouth,
New  Hampshire  and  relocating  these  functions  to our office in  Sacramento,
California.  In addition,  we reduced the number of our employees  from 98 as of
December 31, 2002 to 27 by August 31, 2003.

     As we enter fiscal year 2004,  we continue to face  significant  challenges
with respect to revenue and cash  shortages.  As of September 26, 2003, our cash
balance had declined to approximately $700,000, and in light of our prior losses
and current stock price of our common  stock,  no assurance can be given that we
will be able to raise additional funds for our operations,  if necessary. We are
taking  a  number  of  steps  to  address  these  challenges  including  further
reductions  in operating  expenses and  liabilities.  In addition,  our business
strategy is to transition our existing Providers to our direct pay program where
Providers  will submit  their  claims to us, and we will process and reprice the
claims to the rate set by Providers. After re-pricing,  claims will be then sent
to  Purchasers  or their  intermediaries  who will pay the  Providers  directly.
Providers will be invoiced our transaction fee for each claim re-priced. We will
recognize revenue when it is earned and  collectibility  is reasonably  assured.
Revenue is earned when we have completed claim re-pricing  obligations under our
service agreement with the Provider.

     We intend to launch our direct pay program  during fiscal year 2004.  Under
this program,  we will receive a fee for each claim that we process. In order to
attract new Providers and increase the number of claims that we process, we have
reduced our  transaction fee which will require us to process a higher number of
claims  that we have not  previously  been able to  obtain in order to  generate
sufficient  revenue for our  operations.  This  program is new and we are unsure
whether it will be  accepted  by the  healthcare  industry or whether we will be
able to attract a sufficient  number of Providers in order to process the number
of  claims  we  will  need  to  generate  sufficient  revenues  to  sustain  our
operations.  If we are unable to  successfully  launch our direct pay program or
gain the  confidence  of  Provders,  we may be  required  to further  reduce our
operation expenses or be forced into seeking protection under federal bankruptcy
laws.

     On June 30, 2003,  during a special meeting of the board of directors,  the
board  accepted both Mr. James W.  Cameron,  Jr.'s  resignation  as chairman and
chief  financial  officer,  effective  immediately,  and  that  of  Mr.  Jeffrey
McCormick's  as chief  executive  officer,  effective  July 1,  2003.  The board
approved the  appointments of Mr. Alan Baron and Mr. Mark W. Rieger as directors
of the Company. The board also approved the appointment of Mr. Baron as chairman
and Mr.  Rieger as chief  executive  officer.  Mr.  Baron has  served as general
partner of Decameron  Partners,  LLP since 1991. Mr. Rieger has worked more than
17 years in  healthcare  administration.  From  1990 - 2000 he was the  Regional
Service Line Administrator at Sutter Health Central,  Sacramento.  Sutter Health
is one of the  largest  integrated  healthcare  systems  in the U.S.  today.  In
addition to having  experience  in hospital  operations,  he has  experience  in
specialty  services  network  development  and managed care  contracting.  Since
joining  the  Company  in  2000,  Mr.  Rieger  has  served  in both a sales  and
operations  management  role.  Most  recently he was the vice  president of plan
purchaser services.  At the August 18, 2003 board of directors meeting the board


                                       4
<PAGE>

appointed  Mr.  Rieger to be the chief  financial  officer  in  addition  to his
responsibilities as chief executive officer.

     On July 18,  2003,  we signed the sixth  addendum  to our lease  located in
Sacramento,  California,  with Mr.  James W.  Cameron,  Jr., an affiliate of the
Company. Under the terms of the sixth addendum to our lease, Mr. Cameron forgave
$559,220  in  rent  and  interest  on  rent  reported  as  accounts  payable  to
stockholder in our financial  statements.  As consideration  for forgiven unpaid
rent and interest, we assigned excess furniture and equipment to Mr. Cameron. In
addition,  the sixth addendum reduced our office space from 7,523 square feet to
4,827 square feet, and our monthly rent is currently stipulated to be $3,794.

     On July 25, 2003, we amended our  $1,000,000  convertible  note due on July
25, 2003. Under the terms of the amendment, the convertible note was extended to
the  earlier of July 22,  2005 or when we receive  $8,000,000  in debt or equity
financing.  In  consideration,  we agreed to  convert  all  accrued  and  unpaid
interest as of July 25, 2003 into 2,285,714 shares of our common stock at a rate
of $0.035 per share and to secure the convertible note with our assets.

     On August 15,  2003,  Mr.  Cameron  purchased  1,232 shares of our Series A
Preferred Stock, $6.00 par value per share, at $1,000 per share for an aggregate
sum of  $1,232,000.  In general,  the Series A Preferred  Stock  provides  for a
dividend  preference  of $0.50  per share if and when  declared  by the board of
directors and a  liquidation  preference  of $6.00 per share.  In addition,  the
shares of Series A Preferred Stock have no voting rights,  except as required by
law, and are not convertible into any other securities.

     On August 15, 2003, Mr.  Cameron  assigned to Mr. Baron all of his interest
to the promissory notes payable by the Company in the aggregate principal amount
of $2,873,694  along with $283,195 in accrued Series D Preferred Stock dividends
owed by the  Company.  On  September  18,  2003,  Mr.  Baron  forgave all of the
obligations owed by the Company under the promissory notes including the accrued
and unpaid  interest  along with  $283,195 in accrued  Series D Preferred  Stock
dividends.  In connection  with this  transaction,  Mr.  Cameron sold to certain
accredited  investors  including Mr. Baron, an aggregate of 32,359,637 shares of
our common stock at a price of $0.035 per share. In addition, Mr. Cameron gifted
to several  donees an  aggregate  of 490,000  shares of our common  stock.  As a
result of these  transactions,  Mr. Cameron reduced his beneficial  ownership in
our common stock from  approximately  57.8% to approximately  10.5% as of August
30, 2003.

     On August 15, 2003, Mr. Cameron,  McCormick ATEK Investments LLC, an entity
controlled by Mr. McCormick,  and we agreed to cancel, without value, the option
requiring Mr. Cameron to sell 6,000,000  shares of our common stock owned by Mr.
Cameron to the McCormick ATEK Investment LLC at the purchase price of $3.625 per
share. In addition,  because of Mr. McCormick's July 1, 2003 resignation as our
chief executive officer,  his employment  agreement with us has been terminated.
As a result of the termination,  Mr.  McCormick's  options to purchase 7,000,000
shares and 4,000,000  shares of our common stock granted in connection  with his
employment became fully vested and are exercisable  pursuant to the terms of the
respective option agreements.

     On  September  19, 2003,  we reached an  agreement  with The Negri Trust to
convert  $2,344,704  of the  outstanding  principal  and all  accrued and unpaid
interest as of that date under  convertible  notes into 3,086,043  shares of our
common stock.

     As of September 19, 2003, we have reduced our debt obligations  outstanding
as of June 30, 2003 by  $6,060,813  as a result of the  conversion  of The Negri
Trust  convertible  notes,  the  forgiveness of the  promissory  notes and other
accrued liabilities by our chairman, Mr. Alan Baron, and the forgiveness of rent
and interest on rent by Mr. Cameron.

                                       5
<PAGE>

HISTORY

     In August 1999, we identified what we believe to be a significant  business
opportunity  in the  healthcare  industry and began  developing a business model
involving  the   establishment  of  the  Healthcare   Exchange  under  the  name
"DoctorandPatientTM." Prior to providing an exchange for healthcare services, we
were in the  business  of  recruiting,  hiring  and  training  foreign  computer
programmers  and placing them with U.S.  companies.  During fiscal year 2001, we
ceased our computer  programmer  operations  to  concentrate  on our  Healthcare
Exchange.

OVERVIEW OF THE INDUSTRY

     According to the Healthcare Financing Administration, in 1999 healthcare in
the United States was a $1.2  trillion  dollar  industry,  up 5.6% from 1998 and
comprising  approximately  13%  of  gross  domestic  product.  The  industry  is
characterized by extremely complex  decision-making,  high  fragmentation,  high
barriers to entry,  rising  costs and slow  adoption and  incorporation  of many
information  technologies.  The healthcare industry's poor rate of investment in
technological  innovation  has  created a system  rampant  with  inefficiencies.
According to the Health Data Directory,  less than 39% of private sector billing
claims (including commercial,  indemnity,  PPO and HMO claims) were automated in
1999. Even those that are automated  often have  processing  delays because of a
myriad of reasons, including improper coding of information,  inaccurate data on
patients  and  improper  eligibility  information.  Waste  in  the  acquisition,
delivery  and  processing  of billing and payment for health  services  has been
widely   reported   and   documented.   We  believe  that  there  are  gaps  and
inefficiencies  in the purchasing  process and in billing and claims  processing
systems creating a key business opportunity for the Healthcare Exchange.

     In its  simplest  form,  healthcare  can be  described  as the  demand  for
services by  individuals  ("Patients")  and the supply of services by Providers,
which include licensed physicians,  hospitals, surgery centers, and other allied
health  professionals.  Providers  often form groups or  practice  associations.
Purchasers  include  Patients  and  various  forms  of  third  parties,  such as
insurance   companies,   Medicare,   Medicaid  and   self-insured   and/or  self
administered employers.

     In most  instances,  Patients  are members of a health  service  purchasing
group or pool  sponsored  in whole or in part by their  employer.  The  members'
benefits are described in the  conditions of coverage  document.  Typically this
includes  the  division  of  financial   responsibility  for  various  services,
selection of Providers, use of specialists, required authorizations,  exclusions
and so on.

     Following   an   encounter   with  a   patient   (i.e.   office   visit  or
hospitalization),  Providers  document the services using a standard claim form.
These claims are submitted to and reviewed by Purchasers  and their managed care
companies to first, verify a Patient's eligibility,  then, if applicable, adjust
the charges to the agreed upon fee schedule, and finally determine the patient's
financial  responsibility.  Nearly all plans  have  provisions  that  reduce the
patient's  share  of cost if they  select a  Provider  that  has  agreed  to the
Purchaser's fee schedule.

     There    are   a   large    number    of    variations    of   the    above
Patient-Provider-Purchaser     relationship--such    as    Health    Maintenance
Organizations (HMOs),  Preferred Provider Organizations (PPOs), Point of Service
Plans (POS),  Medicare,  and  Medicaid--all of which involve some combination or
redistribution of the functions described.

     In the absence of a health plan  (uninsured) or if the plan design does not
cover the service  (under-insured),  the Patient will pay the Provider directly.
For as many as 41 million  Americans  today,  this simple cash model is the only
one possible  for all or much of their care.  In many cases,  these  individuals
have the financial  wherewithal  to pay for many health  services.  However,  in
general, Providers lack a simple means to market a discount of their services to
these Patients.

                                       6
<PAGE>

BUSINESS STRATEGY

     The purpose of the Healthcare  Exchange is to utilize  electronic  commerce
and other  technologies to allow Providers,  in the absence of an agreement with
the Purchaser, to submit a discount for services. The Healthcare Exchange offers
a direct and efficient  conduit  between  Providers and Purchasers of healthcare
services,  their PPOs' and/or their agents.  Under the current program Providers
submit  their  healthcare  claims to us,  and we  re-price  these  claims to the
Provider's  Healthcare Exchange rate, including adding a  transaction-processing
fee. We then route the adjusted claims to Purchasers or their intermediaries. We
receive  payments  from  Purchasers  on  behalf  of  Providers,  and then  remit
payments,  less our fee, to the  Providers.  Subsequent  to fiscal year 2003,  a
direct  pay  program  has  been  implemented   wherein  Providers  submit  their
healthcare claims to us for re-pricing to the Healthcare  Exchange rate. We then
route the adjusted  claims to Purchasers or their  intermediaries,  who will pay
the Providers  directly.  Providers are then invoiced a transaction fee for each
claim processed and forwarded to the Purchaser.

     We believe that the value  proposition of the  Healthcare  Exchange for our
direct pay program is significant.  The transition to the direct pay program has
been driven by the cost and complexity of receiving and processing payments from
Purchasers on behalf of Providers. Our current program, whereby we would receive
payments directly from the Purchasers and remit the payment, after deducting our
fee,  to the  Providers  created  a tension  between  the  Provider  and us that
interfered  with  efforts  by our  sales  and  marketing  staff to  recruit  new
Providers.  By  developing  the direct pay  program,  we removed the  Healthcare
Exchange  between the  Purchaser's  payments and the  Provider,  and allowed the
Healthcare  Exchange to act as a neutral conduit. We believe that the simplicity
of the  direct  pay  program  will  allow us to  accelerate  the  growth  in new
Providers.  We also  believe  that the direct pay  program  will also reduce the
barriers to  marketing to large  healthcare  provider  organizations.  Under the
direct  pay  program,  our  anticipated  transaction  fee will be less  than our
transaction  fee for  our  current  program.  Therefore,  we must  substantially
increase  the number of claims that we process in order to  generate  sufficient
revenues  for our  operations.  We intend to  initially  market  our  direct pay
program to our existing Providers by transitioning them from our current program
to the direct pay program.  If we are unable to  successfully  launch our direct
pay program or gain the  confidence of Providers,  we may be required to further
reduce our operating  expenses and/or seek additional  funds for our operations.
As of  September  26,  2003,  our cash  balance had  declined  to  approximately
$700,000, and in light of our prior losses and current stock price of our common
stock, no assurance can be given that we will be able to raise additional funds,
if necessary.  If we are unable to raise additional funds, we may be forced into
seeking protection under federal bankruptcy laws.

     In addition to the direct pay  program,  we will begin test  marketing of a
compliance  program.  The compliance  program allows the Healthcare  Exchange to
re-price  medical claims within an existing  agreement  between the Provider and
the  Purchaser.  The  compliance  program  could  allow  Providers  to  use  the
Healthcare  Exchange  for more of their  claims.  Our market with the direct pay
program is limited to those  claims for which there is no  existing  health plan
agreement.  Applying the efficiencies of the Healthcare  Exchange to an existing
health plan  agreement can improve the Providers'  ability to insure  compliance
with a health  plan's fee  schedule.  More  importantly,  we  believe  that this
compliance program could significantly  increase the number of claims we process
for Providers.

RELATIONSHIP TO THE PROVIDER

     We have developed the Healthcare Exchange for Providers (including Provider
groups) to market their services to Purchasers more  efficiently.  To date there
has been  neither  a simple  means to offer a  discount  to a  Purchaser  in the
absence of a health plan agreement, nor a rational alternative to certain health
plan agreements.  In the United States, there are approximately  750,000 medical
doctors,  6,000  hospitals and 539,000  licensed  ancillary  Providers  (such as
chiropractors,  optometrists,  physical therapists and physician assistants) and
suppliers  (such  as  pharmacies,   durable  medical  equipment  suppliers,  and
transportation).  We are currently marketing to and entering into contracts with

                                       7
<PAGE>

Providers.  A  transaction-processing  fee will either be billed directly to the
Providers or added to the discount offer sent to the Purchaser.

RELATIONSHIP TO PURCHASERS

     We have  developed the  Healthcare  Exchange so that  Purchasers can easily
access  discounts  for the services of Providers  with whom there is no existing
discount agreement.  We believe this will reduce costs and delays in the billing
process allowing Purchasers to reduce their costs.  Purchasers may contract with
us in order to receive  Providers'  offered  rates,  and in order to lower their
costs by receiving claims electronically and pre-priced. The goal of this system
is to introduce  additional  cost  certainty and to  streamline  the billing and
payment process. A  transaction-processing  fee will be billed to the Providers,
or charged to Purchasers or their intermediaries.

RELATIONSHIP TO INDIVIDUAL UNINSURED AND UNDER INSURED PURCHASERS

     In September 1999, we entered into an agreement with WebMD Corp. to develop
a web-based portal through which individual uninsured and under-insured Patients
can procure  healthcare  services.  Currently both parties are reevaluating this
agreement,  given  changed  directions  and  priorities  of  each  company.  The
agreement  has not formally been  modified or  terminated,  nor has either party
proposed any specific changes.  However, neither party is currently devoting any
substantial resources to this project. (See Note 4 to Financial Statements.)

APPLICATION SERVICES PROVIDER

     We signed agreements effective in January 2001 with an application services
provider  to  license,  support  and run  software  to  process  medical  claims
submitted to the  Healthcare  Exchange.  The  agreements  are for a period of 66
months. They required payment of an initial base license fee of $250,000,  which
is being  amortized  over the  estimated  useful life of this  arrangement,  and
start-up costs,  including data center set up, training and implementation  fees
of approximately  $145,000,  which were expensed. The agreements require monthly
minimum  payments  currently  of about  $35,000  and  additional  fees  that are
transaction based if volumes exceed levels included in the monthly minimums.

COMPETITION

     The Healthcare  Exchange  generally will endeavor to cooperate with certain
established preferred provider  organizations,  health plans and other companies
offering  "discount  plans" to  potential  Purchasers.  However,  such plans and
companies  may  choose  to  compete  against  the  Healthcare  Exchange  and its
purchasers,  providers  and  affiliated  organizations.   These  industries  are
intensely competitive and rapidly evolving.

     Increased  competition  in the industry  could result in price  reductions,
reduced gross margins or loss of market share,  which could  seriously  harm our
business and operating results. Our success depends on the ability to market the
Healthcare  Exchange to potential  Providers and Purchasers and their agents. We
believe  that the  principal  competitive  factors in this market are health and
managed care expertise, data integration and transfer of technology,  ability to
persuade  Providers  and  Purchasers  to accept new  technology  and new models,
customer  service  and  support and  product  and  service  fees.  Although,  we
currently  believe  that  there  is no  direct  competition  for our  Healthcare
Exchange  services,  if we are  successful,  we expect  that  there  will be new
competitors offering similar services.

     As a new participant in the healthcare industry,  our potential competitors
have longer operating  histories,  significantly  greater financial,  technical,
marketing and other resources and  significantly  greater name  recognition.  In
addition,  many of our competitors have well-established  relationships with our
current and potential  Purchasers and have extensive  knowledge of the industry.
Current and potential  competitors have  established or may establish  strategic
relationships  among themselves or with third parties to increase the ability of
their products and services to address  Purchaser needs.  These  competitors may

                                       8
<PAGE>

seek and obtain business method patents on portions of or all their  operations,
which could effectively preclude us from competing in spite of the efficiency of
the Healthcare  Exchange  model.  Also,  other companies may implement a similar
strategy.  Accordingly,  it is possible that new  competitors or alliances among
competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

     Our  operations  are subject to various  federal and state laws. We believe
that our  operations  currently  comply  with  such  laws,  but  there can be no
assurance that subsequent  laws, or subsequent  changes in current laws or legal
interpretations, will not adversely affect our operations.

     The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) has
initiated and will continue to initiate  obligations  previously  unknown on the
healthcare  industry.  HIPAA is designed to reduce the amount of  administrative
waste in the healthcare industry and to protect the privacy of patients' medical
information.  HIPAA  establishes new  requirements  for the  confidentiality  of
patient health  information and standard formats for the secure  transmission of
healthcare data among healthcare  providers and purchasers.  HIPAA,  among other
things,  will create federal criminal penalties for health plans,  providers and
claims  clearinghouses  that  knowingly and improperly  disclose  information or
obtain information under false pretenses. The regulations regarding the standard
formats for the secure  transmission of healthcare  information became effective
in  October  2002,  but may be  extended  to  October  2003 if an  extension  is
requested  and a compliance  plan is filed with  Secretary of the  Department of
Health and Human Services.

     We were  aware of and  tried to  incorporate  HIPAA  requirements  or their
timely  adoption as its products and services  were  developed.  We have filed a
compliance  plan and a request for  extension to October 2003 to comply with the
standard formats requirements.  We are currently reviewing processes, systems or
policies  that  may  require  modification,  and we  are  working  to  implement
appropriate  changes  to avoid any  adverse  impact on our  ability  to  perform
services in accordance  with HIPAA  standards.  We are also  communicating  with
significant  third-party  service  providers to assess their  readiness  and the
extent to which we will need to modify our agreements or relationships with them
to comply with HIPAA standards.

     The regulations regarding privacy issues became effective in April 2003. We
have  taken all  necessary  measures  to fully  comply  with the  HIPAA  privacy
standards.  We have provided training seminars to make certain all employees are
familiar  with and  adhere to the  regulations  regarding  privacy  issues.  The
Company is not itself a covered  entity  (e.g.  healthcare  providers,  clearing
houses and  insurance  plans),  however,  it complies with the  requirements  of
covered  entities by being party to Business  Associate  Agreements with covered
entities.

     The cost of this  compliance  effort is estimated to be less than $100,000.
However,  there can be no guarantee  that the costs will not  materially  exceed
this, or that changes in federal  standards would require  expending  additional
resources.

     The   confidentiality   of  patient   records   and  claims  data  and  the
circumstances  under  which  records and data may be released or must be secured
for inclusion in our databases may be subject to substantial regulation by state
governments.  These  state  laws  govern  both  the  disclosure  and  the use of
confidential  patient  medical  records.  Although  compliance  with  these laws
currently is principally the responsibility of Providers and health plans, these
regulations  may be extended to cover the business and the claims data and other
information  that are included in our  databases.  If these laws are extended to
cover our business,  we may be required to expend additional  resources in order
to comply with these laws, including changes to our security practices,  and may
be  exposed to greater  liability  in the event of failure to comply  with these
laws.

     The offering of health provider services is subject to extensive regulation
under state laws. Under some state laws, regulators may take the position that a
registration fee for Purchaser access to favorable fees from Providers  requires

                                       9
<PAGE>

meeting the  requirements  for licensing as a health plan or health insurer.  In
addition, to the extent that fees are paid by Providers,  state regulators could
assert  that the  Healthcare  Exchange  is a  referral  agency,  which  requires
licensing  under many  state  laws,  or that  Providers  are  paying  prohibited
referral  fees,  which  could  subject  the  Provider or us to civil or criminal
penalties.  In addition, our relationships with Purchasers may require licensing
or certifications in some states.  Also, although we do not currently anticipate
entering the Medicare or state Medicaid  markets,  similar  federal  regulations
could  adversely  impact  the  business.  Because  the  e-commerce  business  is
relatively new to the provider network industry, the impact of current or future
regulations is difficult to anticipate.

     As we develop our business plan,  compliance  with or prohibitions by state
regulations could delay or eliminate certain aspects of our business or force us
to modify  our  business,  which  could have a  material  adverse  impact on our
business and prospects.

HUMAN RESOURCES

     On  August  31,  2003,  the  Company  had 27  employees,  consisting  of 18
employees  located in  Sacramento,  and 9 employees  in  satellite  offices in 5
states, including California.

INSURANCE

     Our annual coverage  limits for general  premises  liability,  professional
liability  and  workers'  compensation  insurance  policies are  $3,000,000  for
liability insurance policies and $1,000,000 for workers'  compensation.  We also
have a $1,000,000 policy for errors and omissions insurance. Management believes
such limits are adequate for our  business;  however,  there can be no assurance
that potential claims will not exceed the limits on these policies.

RISK FACTORS

     An investment in our common stock involves  considerable  risk. In addition
to the other information  contained in this annual report,  you should carefully
consider the following  factors in evaluating an investment in our common stock.
This annual report  contains  forward-looking  statements that involve risks and
uncertainties.  Our  actual  results  may  differ  materially  from the  results
discussed in such  forward-looking  statements.  Factors that might cause such a
difference   includes  those  discussed   below.   Note  that  this  is  not  an
all-inclusive list of the risks to which we are subject.

OUR CURRENT OPERATIONS ARE NOT PROFITABLE AND WE HAVE A HISTORY OF SIGNIFICANT
LOSSES.

     We have experienced losses since our inception.  Our net loss applicable to
common   stockholders  for  fiscal  years  2003  and  2002  was  $7,650,181  and
$9,815,906.  There is no assurance we can develop our Healthcare Exchange into a
profitable  and  sustainable  business.  Given these  conditions,  the report of
independent  auditors on our fiscal year 2003 financial  statements  includes an
explanatory paragraph indicating there is substantial doubt about our ability to
continue  as a going  concern.  The  financial  statements  do not  include  any
adjustments  to reflect the possible  future effects on the  recoverability  and
classification  of assets or the amounts and  classification of liabilities that
may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

OUR DIRECT PAY PROGRAM MAY NOT BE COMMERCIALLY SUCCESSFUL.

     We launched our direct pay program during the first quarter of 2004.  Under
this program,  we will receive a fee for each claim that we process. In order to
attract new Providers and increase the number of claims that we process, we have
reduced our  transaction fee which will require us to process a higher number of
claims  that we have not  previously  been able to  obtain in order to  generate
sufficient  revenue for our  operations.  This  program is new and we are unsure

                                       10
<PAGE>

whether it will be  accepted  by the  healthcare  industry or whether we will be
able to attract a sufficient  number of Providers in order to process the number
of  claims  we  will  need  to  generate  sufficient  revenues  to  sustain  our
operations.  If we are unable to  successfully  launch our direct pay program or
gain the  confidence  of  Providers,  we may be required  to further  reduce our
operating  expenses  and/or  seek  additional  funds for our  operations.  As of
September 26, 2003, our cash balance had declined to approximately $700,000, and
in light of our prior  losses and current  stock price of our common  stock,  no
assurance  can be  given  that we will be able to  raise  additional  funds,  if
necessary.  If we are unable to raise  additional  funds,  we may be forced into
seeking protection under federal bankruptcy laws.

WE MAY NEED ADDITIONAL FINANCING.

     If our  direct  pay  program  is not  successful,  we may  need  additional
financing  for our  operations.  Historically,  we have  relied  on the  private
placements of our common stock to finance our operations.  In light of our prior
losses and current stock price of our common  stock,  no assurance can be giving
that we will be able to raise additional funds for our operations, if necessary.
If we do not receive additional financing,  we will have to significantly reduce
our  operations or be forced into seeking  protection  under federal  bankruptcy
laws.

OUR GROWTH DEPENDS ON INDUSTRY ACCEPTANCE OF OUR HEALTHCARE PRODUCTS AND
SERVICES.

     The time,  expense  and effort of securing  Purchasers  and  Providers  may
exceed our  expectations  and may  negatively  impact our business and operating
results.  The decision by our customers to use the Healthcare  Exchange requires
time intensive  education as to the  advantages of our services.  The failure of
industry  participants  to accept our services as a replacement  for traditional
methods of operations could limit our revenue growth. We, therefore, will devote
significant  resources  and incur costs without any  assurance  that  sufficient
medical  providers  or  Purchasers  will use our  services.  In the  event  that
Purchasers do not use our services,  we may have incurred substantial costs that
cannot be recovered and which will not result in future revenues.

OUR FUTURE REVENUE GROWTH DEPENDS UPON OUR ESTABLISHMENT AND MAINTENANCE OF
SUCCESSFUL RELATIONSHIPS WITH PROVIDERS AND STRATEGIC VENDORS IN ORDER TO
ATTRACT PURCHASERS TO OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.

     We  believe  that  our  future  revenue  growth  depends  in part  upon the
successful creation and maintenance of relationships with Providers,  Purchasers
and strategic  vendors.  To date we have established  relationships with a small
number  of the  Providers  in the  relevant  markets.  In order to  successfully
attract  Purchasers,  we may need to have a large number of  relationships  with
Providers with both specialty and  geographic  diversity.  We may not be able to
adequately  develop  relationships  with the number of  Providers  necessary  to
achieve this type of coverage and our existing  relationships with Providers may
not be  ultimately  successful.  If we are  unable  to  establish  and  maintain
successful  relationships  with Providers or strategic  vendors,  we may have to
devote  substantially  more resources to the sales and marketing of our products
and services.

OUR BUSINESS AND REPUTATION MAY BE HARMED IF WE ARE UNABLE TO PROTECT THE
PRIVACY OF OUR CONFIDENTIAL HEALTH INFORMATION.

     Our information  systems and Internet  communications  may be vulnerable to
damage from physical break-ins, computer viruses, programming errors, attacks by
computer hackers and similar disruptive  problems.  A user who is able to access
our computer or communication  systems could gain access to confidential  health
information of individuals. Therefore, a material security breach could harm our
business and our reputation or could result in liability to us.

OUR ABILITY TO COMPLY WITH THE HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY
ACT OF 1996 (HIPAA) COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS.

                                       11
<PAGE>

     The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) has
initiated and will continue to initiate  obligations  previously  unknown on the
healthcare  industry.  HIPAA is designed to reduce the amount of  administrative
waste in the healthcare industry and to protect the privacy of patients' medical
information.  HIPAA  establishes new  requirements  for the  confidentiality  of
patient health  information and standard formats for the secure  transmission of
healthcare data among healthcare  providers and purchasers.  HIPAA,  among other
things,  will create federal criminal penalties for health plans,  providers and
claims  clearinghouses  that  knowingly and improperly  disclose  information or
obtain information under false pretenses. The regulations regarding the standard
formats for the secure  transmission of healthcare  information became effective
in  October  2002,  but may be  extended  to  October  2003 if an  extension  is
requested  and a compliance  plan is filed with  Secretary of the  Department of
Health and Human Services.

     We were  aware of and  tried to  incorporate  HIPAA  requirements  or their
timely  adoption as its products and services  were  developed.  We have filed a
compliance  plan and a request for  extension to October 2003 to comply with the
standard formats requirements.  We are currently reviewing processes, systems or
policies  that  may  require  modification,  and we  are  working  to  implement
appropriate  changes  to avoid any  adverse  impact on our  ability  to  perform
services in accordance  with HIPAA  standards.  We are also  communicating  with
significant  third-party  service  providers to assess their  readiness  and the
extent to which we will need to modify our agreements or relationships with them
to comply with HIPAA standards.

     The regulations regarding privacy issues became effective in April 2003. We
have  taken all  necessary  measures  to fully  comply  with the  HIPAA  privacy
standards.  We have provided training seminars to make certain all employees are
familiar  with and  adhere to the  regulations  regarding  privacy  issues.  The
Company is not itself a covered  entity  (e.g.  healthcare  providers,  clearing
houses and  insurance  plans),  however,  it complies with the  requirements  of
covered  entities by being party to Business  Associate  Agreements with covered
entities.

     The cost of this  compliance  effort is estimated to be less than $100,000.
However,  there can be no guarantee  that the costs will not  materially  exceed
this, or that changes in federal  standards would require  expending  additional
resources.

STATE AND LOCAL LAWS REGARDING CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF HEALTH
INFORMATION COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS.

     The   confidentiality   of  patient   records   and  claims  data  and  the
circumstances  under  which  records and data may be released or must be secured
for inclusion in our databases may be subject to substantial regulation by state
governments.  These  state  laws  govern  both  the  disclosure  and  the use of
confidential  patient medical  records.  Although  compliance with these laws is
principally the  responsibility of Providers and health plans, these regulations
may be extended to cover our business and the claims data and other  information
that we  include  in our  databases.  If these  laws are  extended  to cover our
business,  we may be required to expend additional  resources in order to comply
with these laws, including changes to our security practices, and may be exposed
to greater liability in the event we fail to comply with these laws.

STATE LAWS AND REGULATIONS CONCERNING THE MARKETING OF HEALTH PROVIDER SERVICES
OVER THE INTERNET COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS.

     The offering of health provider services is subject to extensive regulation
under state laws. Under some state laws, regulators may take the position that a
registration fee for Purchaser access to favorable fees from Providers  requires
meeting the  requirements  for licensing as a health plan or health insurer.  In
addition, to the extent that fees are paid by Providers,  state regulators could
assert that Healthcare  Exchange is a referral agency,  which requires licensing
under many state laws, or that  Providers are paying  prohibited  referral fees,
which could subject the Provider or the Company to civil or criminal  penalties.

                                       12
<PAGE>

In  addition  our  relationships   with  Purchasers  may  require  licensing  or
certifications  in some states.  Also,  although we do not currently  anticipate
entering the Medicare or state Medicaid  markets,  similar  federal  regulations
could  adversely  impact  the  business.  Because  the  e-commerce  business  is
relatively new to the provider network industry, the impact of current or future
regulations is difficult to anticipate.

     As we develop our business plan,  compliance  with or prohibitions by state
regulations could delay or eliminate certain aspects of our business or force us
to modify  our  business,  which  could have a  material  adverse  impact on our
business and prospects.

OUR COMMON STOCK IS THINLY TRADED.

     Our common stock is quoted and traded on the OTC Bulletin Board. Therefore,
shareholders  who wish to sell their shares may not be able to do so in light of
the limited public market.

OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS HAVE SIGNIFICANT CONTROL.

     Our executive officers,  directors and holders of over five percent (5%) of
our stock and  their  affiliates  beneficially  own  approximately  36.5% of the
outstanding  shares of our common stock as of August 30, 2003.  As a result,  if
these  holders  act as a group,  they may be able to  control  us and direct our
affairs,  including  the  election of  directors  and  approval  of  significant
corporate  transactions  without further  approval by other  stockholders.  This
concentration of ownership also may delay,  defer or prevent a change in control
of our company,  and make some transactions more difficult or impossible without
the support of these stockholders.

Item 2. Description of Property

     Our headquarters were previously located in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Upon
expiration of the lease in May 2003 the offices in New Hampshire were closed.

     Currently  our  headquarters  are  located  at  629 J  Street,  Sacramento,
California. Until July 2003, we leased approximately 7,523 square feet of office
space from Mr. James W. Cameron, Jr., an affiliate of the Company, for a monthly
rent of $12,131, which was reduced to reflect an annual base rent of $120 during
the quarter ended  December 31, 2002. To recognize the estimated  market rate of
this  transaction,  a monthly  expense  of $11,424 is  recognized  through  rent
expense and recorded as additional  paid in capital.  On July 1, 2003 we amended
our lease with Mr.  Cameron to reduce our office  space to  approximately  4,827
square feet for a monthly rent of $3,794.  This is a reduction of  approximately
2,696  square feet of office space under the  previous  lease with Mr.  Cameron.
This lease is set to expire on January 31, 2004.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

     We are not currently a party to any pending legal proceedings.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

     No matters were submitted  during the quarter ended June 30, 2003 to a vote
of security holders.

                                       13
<PAGE>

PART II

Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

(a)  Comparative Market Prices

     Our  common  stock is quoted on the OTC  Bulletin  Board  under the  symbol
"ATEK."  Transactions  in our common  stock are  subject  to the  "penny  stock"
disclosure requirements of Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act.

     The table below sets forth the high and low  closing  prices for the common
stock of the Company for each of the last eight quarters.  Such over the counter
market quotations reflect inter dealer prices without retail mark-up,  mark-down
or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.


                        Period                    High           Low
                        ------                    ----           ---

      Quarter ended September 30, 2001           $3.70          $2.08
      Quarter ended December 31, 2001            $3.09          $2.62
      Quarter ended March 31, 2002               $3.06          $2.06
      Quarter ended June 30, 2002                $2.55          $2.00

      Quarter ended September 30, 2002           $2.25          $1.25
      Quarter ended December 31, 2002            $1.50          $0.65
      Quarter ended March 31, 2003               $0.85          $0.40
      Quarter ended June 30, 2003                $0.58          $0.08

(b)  Holders

     As of August 30,  2003,  there were  69,389,971  shares of our common stock
outstanding,  held by approximately 265 holders of record, not including holders
whose shares of common stock are held in street name.

(c)  Dividend Policy

     We  have  never  paid  a  cash  dividend  on our  common  stock  and do not
anticipate paying cash dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable  future.
Our Series D preferred  stock  carried a cumulative  dividend of $0.60 per share
per year until the Series D preferred  stock was  exchanged  for common stock on
September 11, 2000.  On September  11, 2000, in connection  with the exchange of
204,167  shares  Series D preferred  stock,  for 408,334  shares of common stock
based on a per share  price of $3.00 per share,  the  Company  declared  accrued
dividends of $759,110 in the  aggregate.  Of the $759,110 in accrued  dividends,
two of the Series D preferred  stockholders  agreed to accept  158,638 shares of
common stock for $475,915 in accrued dividends based on a $3.00 per share value.

     The Board of  Directors,  on the basis of various  factors,  including  the
results of  operations,  financial  condition,  capital  requirements  and other
relevant factors, will determine our future dividend policy.

(d)  Recent Sale of Unregistered Securities

     No sale of unregistered  securities  occurred during fiscal year ended 2003
not previously reported on this Form 10-K.

                                       14
<PAGE>


     On July 25,  2003,  we issued  2,285,714  shares of our  common  stock to a
lender for all accrued and unpaid  interest in the  aggregate  amount of $80,000
under a  convertible  note as of July 25,  2003.  The  issuance  was exempt from
registraton pursuant to Rule 506.

     On August 15, 2003,  we sold 1,232 shares of our Series A Preferred  Stock,
$6.00  par value  per  share,  at  $1,000  per  share  for an  aggregate  sum of
$1,232,000  to an  accredited  investor  pursuant to Rule 506. No  commission or
finder's  fee was  paid in  connection  with  this  transaction.  The  Series  A
Preferred  Stock  provides for a dividend  preference  of $0.50 per share if and
when declared by the board of directors  and a  liquidation  preference of $6.00
per share.  In addition,  the shares of Series A Preferred  Stock have no voting
rights,  except  as  required  by law,  and are not  convertible  into any other
securities.

     On  September  19, 2003,  we reached an  agreement  with The Negri Trust to
convert  $2,344,704  of the  outstanding  principal  and all  accrued and unpaid
interest as of that date under the  convertible  notes into 3,086,043  shares of
our common stock.  The issuance was excempt from  registration  pursuant to Rule
506. We amended the  original  converitible notes to provide for the issuance of
shares  for  accrued  and  unpaid  interst.  Further,  under  the  terms  of the
amendment, The Negri Trust is entitled to piggy back registration rights.

(e)  Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

     The following table summarized our equity compensation plans as of June 30,
2003:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                      <C>                            <C>                      <C>

                                                                                          Number of securities
                                                                                          remaining available for
                                                                                          future issuance under
                                                                                          equity compensation
                                Number of securities to be   Weighted average exercise    plans (excluding
                                issued upon exercise of      price of outstanding         securities reflected in the
        Plan Category           outstanding options          options                      1st column
------------------------------- ---------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------------------
1993 Stock Option Plan                         135,000                    $1.72                   36,173
1997 Stock Option Plan                       1,354,648                    $2.07                        -
2002 Stock Option Plan                          80,000                    $0.72                2,920,000

</TABLE>


                                       15
<PAGE>

Item 6. Selected Financial Data

     The following table presents a summary of unaudited selected financial data
for each of the five years ended June 30. The data should be read in conjunction
with the Financial Statements and related notes included herein.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                     <C>          <C>              <C>            <C>              <C>



                                                                              Years Ended June 30,
                                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      2003           2002            2001            2000            1999
                                                   ------------ --------------- --------------- ---------------- --------------
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA
Healthcare Exchange revenue                        $ 2,993,124  $ 1,642,565     $    50,944     $          -     $         -
Healthcare Exchange gross profit (loss)                727,147      179,048         (33,584)               -               -
Contract programming revenue                                 -            -         308,469        2,561,101       6,340,235
Contract programming gross profit                            -            -          62,797          422,062       1,030,893
Selling, marketing and product development costs    (4,259,980)  (7,076,558)     (5,097,513)      (1,154,244)              -
General and administrative expenses                 (2,479,265)  (2,482,272)     (3,850,971)      (1,276,726)     (1,223,539)
Loss from operations                                (6,012,098)  (9,379,782)     (8,919,271)      (2,008,908)       (192,646)
Total other income (expense)                        (1,653,083)    (436,124)          4,516       (2,806,733)       (524,101)
Net loss                                            (7,665,181)  (9,815,906)     (8,914,755)      (4,815,641)       (716,747)
Preferred stock dividends                                    -            -        (886,142)        (122,500)       (122,500)
Net loss applicable to common stockholders          (7,665,181)  (9,815,906)     (9,800,897)      (4,938,141)       (839,247)
Basic and diluted net loss per share                   $(0.12)      $(0.16)          $(0.17)          $(0.10)         $(0.03)
Shares used in per share calculation                65,176,437   59,936,435      58,686,778       50,329,614      26,127,730


BALANCE SHEET DATA
Total assets                                       $   793,094  $ 1,203,309     $ 5,577,658     $   2,502,703    $    599,440
Long term obligations                                  896,930            -       3,740,450         3,567,424       4,258,090
Accrued preferred stock dividends                      283,195      283,195         283,195           735,001         612,501
Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series D                         -            -               -         1,225,002       1,225,002
</TABLE>

Item 7. Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
     of Operation

     The  following   discussion   provides   information   to  facilitate   the
understanding  and  assessment of  significant  changes in trends related to the
financial  condition of the Company and its results of operations.  It should be
read  in  conjunction  with  the  audited  financial  statements  and  footnotes
appearing elsewhere in this annual report.

OVERVIEW

     In the quarter  ending June 30, 2001,  we began  operating  our  Healthcare
Exchange to a limited of  Providers  and  Purchasers.  In fiscal  year 2003,  we
focused our  attention on marketing and  promoting  our  Healthcare  Exchange to
Providers in 15 states and the District of  Columbia.  During  fiscal years 2003
and 2002,  we hired a  significant  number of  employees  to support the program
design and to increase  direct  sales.  This rapid growth  placed a  significant
strain upon our financial  resources  without  producing  sufficient  revenue to
accommodate  this  growth.  As a  result,  we had to take  steps to  reduce  our
expenses in an effort to improve our financial  condition.  Such steps  included
closing our  headquarters  located in  Portsmouth,  New Hampshire and relocating
these functions to our office in Sacramento, California. In addition, we reduced
the number of our employees  from 98 as of December 31, 2002 to 27 by August 31,
2003.

     As we enter fiscal year 2004,  we continue to face  significant  challenges
with respect to revenue and cash  shortages.  As of September 26, 2003, our cash
balance had declined to approximately $700,000, and in light of our prior losses

                                       16
<PAGE>

and current stock price of our common  stock,  no assurance can be given that we
will be able to raise additional funds for our operations,  if necessary. We are
taking a number of steps to address  these  challenges  including  reductions in
operating  expenses and liabilities.  In addition,  our business  strategy is to
transition our existing Providers to our direct pay program where Providers will
submit  their  claims to us, and we will  process and re-price the claims to the
rate set by Providers. After re-pricing,  claims will be then sent to Purchasers
or their  intermediaries who will pay the Providers directly.  Providers will be
invoiced our transaction fee for each claim re-priced. We will recognize revenue
when it is earned and collectibility is reassonably  assured.  Revenue is earned
when we have completed claim re-pricing obligations under the contract.

     In order to attract new Providers and increase the number of claims that we
process under this new direct pay program,  we have reduced our  transaction fee
which  will  require us to  process a higher  number of claims  that we have not
previously been able to obtain in order to generate  sufficient  revenue for our
operations. This program is new and we are unsure whether it will be accepted by
the  healthcare  industry  or whether  we will be able to  attract a  sufficient
number of  Providers  in order to  process  the number of claims we will need to
generate  sufficient  revenues  to sustain our  operations.  If we are unable to
successfully  launch our direct pay program or gain the confidence of Providers,
we may be required to further  reduce our  operation  expenses or be forced into
seeking protection under federal bankruptcy laws.

     Given the conditions described above, the report of independent auditors on
our June  30,  2003  financial  statements  includes  an  explanatory  paragraph
indicating  there is substantial  doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern.  The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the
possible future effects on the  recoverability  and  classification of assets or
the amounts and  classification  of liabilities that may result from the outcome
of this uncertainty.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     REVENUE  RECOGNITION.  We recognize revenue for the  transaction-processing
fee when earned and collectibility is reasonably assured. Revenue is earned when
we have substantially completed all of our obligations under the contract.

     PREPAID  LICENSE AND SERVICE  FEES.  Prepaid  license and services fees are
recorded at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over the service period.
Management  considers  whether  indicators  of  impairment  of these  assets are
present  at each  balance  sheet date and an  impairment  loss is  recorded,  if
necessary.  In assessing the  recoverability  of our prepaid license and service
fees, we must make assumptions  regarding  estimated future cash flows and other
factors to determine the fair value of the respective assets. If these estimates
or their related  assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record
impairment charges for these assets not previously recorded.

RESULTS OF OPERATION

YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2003 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2002

Healthcare Exchange

     HEALTHCARE EXCHANGE REVENUE. Providers submit claims to us, upon which they
are  re-priced  to the rate set by the  Providers,  including  the addition of a
transaction-processing   fee,   and   route   them  to   Purchasers   or   their
intermediaries.  We receive payments from Purchasers on behalf of Providers, and
then remit payments to Providers less our revenue.  We recognize revenue for the
transaction-processing  fee when earned, we have substantially  completed all of
our obligations under the contract,  and  collectibility is reasonably  assured.
For fiscal  year 2003,  $2,993,124  of revenue  was  recognized  as  compared to
$1,642,565 in fiscal year 2002. This increase of $1,350,559 was primarily due to

                                       17
<PAGE>

an increase in the number Providers and number of transactions  processed by the
Healthcare  Exchange  in fiscal  year ended 2003  compared  to fiscal year ended
2002.

     HEALTHCARE  EXCHANGE COSTS.  Healthcare Exchange costs are the direct costs
related to the  processing  of the claims  submitted by  Providers  and payments
received  from  Purchasers.  These  costs  include the salary and other wage and
benefit costs of the Healthcare Exchange operations staff and the operating cost
of the application services provider and other technology  providers.  The costs
for fiscal year 2003 were  $2,265,977 that caused an increase of 55% over fiscal
year 2002 costs of $1,463,517. This increase is primarily due to the increase of
staffing and the costs of temporary  staffing to process  claims  received  from
Providers and payments received from Purchasers.  As of June 30, 2003 there were
15 operations  staff members  responsible for the processing of claims submitted
by Providers and payments  received from  Purchasers,  compared to 25 operations
staff members as of June 30, 2002. This decrease in staffing occurred  primarily
during the last quarter of fiscal year ended 2003.

Selling, Marketing and Product Development Costs

     Selling,  marketing, and product development costs are expenses incurred to
develop our Healthcare Exchange.  Costs are primarily the salary, other wage and
benefit costs of our  employees  and other  operational  costs  associated  with
recruiting  the network of healthcare  providers.  The decrease of the sales and
marketing  staff from 77 in fiscal year 2002 to 14 in fiscal year 2003  resulted
in the cost  decrease of  $2,816,578  for fiscal year 2003 as compared to fiscal
year 2002.

General and Administrative Expenses

     General and administrative  expense remained relatively unchanged in fiscal
year  2003  compared  to  fiscal  year  2002.  The  fiscal  year  2003  non-cash
compensation  expense of $347,227 related to the purchase of common stock by our
chairman was offset by decreased employee  compensation costs due to a reduction
in headcount.

Other Income (Expense)

     INTEREST INCOME. Interest income is related to the short-term investment of
cash balances,  primarily in money market  accounts.  Interest income  decreased
$31,124  in fiscal  year 2003  compared  to fiscal  year 2002  primarily  due to
decreased average cash balances generating interest income in fiscal year 2003.

     INTEREST EXPENSE. Interest expense increased $1,185,835 in fiscal year 2003
compared  to  fiscal  year 2002 due to the  increase  in the  balances  of Notes
Payable to  Stockholders,  Convertible  Notes Payable to Stockholders as well as
interest  expense on  Convertible  Notes  Payable from a lender,  for the stated
interest  rate,  expense  relating to  warrants  issued in  connection  with the
Convertible  Notes  Payable  and  expense  relating  to this  debt's  beneficial
conversion  option  (see  Note 3 to  the  Financial  Statements).  Additionally,
interest of $72,100 was paid on Provider  claims when  payment is received  from
the Purchaser  and paid to the Provider  later than 21 days of receiving a claim
in accordance with the terms of the Provider contracts.

YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2002 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2001

Healthcare Exchange

     HEALTHCARE  EXCHANGE REVENUE.  We began operations with a limited number of
Providers in the quarter ending June 30, 2001. For fiscal year 2002,  $1,642,565
of revenue was  recognized  as  compared  to $50,944 in fiscal  year 2001.  This
increase  of  $1,591,621  was  primarily  due to an  increase  in the  number of
transactions  processed  by  the  Healthcare  Exchange  during  a full  year  of
operations.

                                       18
<PAGE>

     HEALTHCARE  EXCHANGE COSTS.  Healthcare Exchange costs are the direct costs
related to the  processing  of the claims  submitted by  Providers  and payments
received from  Purchasers.  The costs for fiscal year 2002 were  $1,463,517,  an
increase of 1,631%  over  fiscal year 2001 cost of $84,528.  As of June 30, 2002
there were 25 operations staff members  responsible for the processing of claims
submitted by Providers  and payments  received  from  Purchasers,  compared to 7
operations staff members as of June 30, 2001.

Contract Programming

     CONTRACT  PROGRAMMING   REVENUE.   Contract  programming  revenue  resulted
primarily from sales of programmer services.  There was no revenue recognized in
fiscal year 2002 due to the  conversion of all contract  programmers to customer
employees  and the  phase-out  of-contract  programming  services as of June 30,
2001. Revenue of $308,469 were recognized in fiscal year 2001.

     PROGRAMMER COSTS.  Programmer costs represent the salary and other wage and
benefit costs of our  programmer  employees.  There were no programmer  costs in
fiscal year 2002 due to the  conversion of all contract  programmers to customer
employees  and the  phase-out  of contract  programming  services as of June 30,
2001. Programmer costs of $235,258 were recognized in fiscal year 2001.

     START-UP AND OTHER COSTS.  Start-up and other costs  represent the costs of
recruiting  fees,  training,  and travel for programmer  employees coming to the
United States from the former Soviet Union for the first time,  relocation costs
within the United  States,  and legal and other costs  related to obtaining  and
maintaining compliance with required visas, postings and notifications. Start-up
and other costs were expensed as incurred.

     Included  in this  category  of costs is  compensation  paid by us whenever
programmer  employees were hired and entered the United States or were relocated
once in the United  States  but  before  these  programmers  began  working at a
customer's  work site.  There were times  when  under  immigration  law,  we, as
employer, paid a programmer employee at least 95% of prevailing wages for his or
her specialty even when the programmer was not placed.

     There were no start up and other costs  recognized  in fiscal year 2002 due
to the  conversion  of all contract  programmers  to customer  employees and the
phase-out   of-contract    programming   services   as   of   June   30,   2001.
Start-up-and-other-costs of $10,414 was recognized in fiscal year 2001.

Selling, Marketing and Product Development Costs

     In  October  1999 we  began  incurring  costs  to  develop  its  Healthcare
Exchange.  Costs incurred are primarily the salary, other wage and benefit costs
of our employees and other  operational  costs  associated  with  recruiting the
network of healthcare  Providers.  The increase of the sales and marketing staff
from 55 in  fiscal  year 2001 to 77 in fiscal  year  2002  resulted  in the cost
increase of $1,979,045 for fiscal year 2002 as compared to fiscal year 2001.

General and Administrative Expenses

     General and administrative expense decreased $1,368,699 in fiscal year 2002
compared to fiscal year 2001.  This decrease was primarily due to non-cash stock
based compensation expense of $1,931,036 related to the purchase of common stock
in our August 2000 Private  Placement by our chief executive officer and related
entities and non-cash compensation due to conversion of Series D Preferred Stock
into common  stock by our  chairman  of the board in fiscal year 2001.  This was
partially  offset by an increase in the number of employees and related costs to
support the Healthcare Exchange,  and non-cash  compensation expense of $138,583
related to the purchase of common stock by our chairman.

                                       19
<PAGE>

Other Income (Expense)

     INTEREST  INCOME.  Interest income  decreased  $405,179 in fiscal year 2002
compared  to fiscal  year 2001  primarily  due to a  decrease  of  average  cash
balances generating interest income in fiscal year 2002.

     INTEREST  EXPENSE.  Interest expense  increased $35,461 in fiscal year 2002
compared  to  fiscal  year  2001  due  to  the  increase  in  notes  payable  to
stockholders  and  convertible  notes payable to  stockholders,  and interest of
$31,076 paid on Provider  claims when payment is received from the Purchaser and
paid to the Provider later than 21 days of receiving a claim in accordance  with
the terms of the Provider contracts.

INCOME TAXES

     As of June 30, 2003, we had net operating  loss  carryforwards  for federal
income tax purposes of  approximately  $53,000,000 that expire in the years 2005
through 2023 and federal  research and development tax credits of  approximately
$100,000 that expire in the year 2005.

     As of June 30, 2003,  we had net  operating  loss  carryforwards  for state
income tax purposes of  approximately  $20,000,000 that expire in the years 2004
through 2013 and state  research and  development  tax credits of  approximately
$30,000 that do not expire.

     In connection  with our initial public offering in August 1992, a change of
ownership  (as defined in Section 382 of the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986,  as
amended) occurred.  As a result, our net operating loss carryforwards  generated
through  August 20,  1992  (approximately  $1,900,000)  are subject to an annual
limitation in the amount of approximately $300,000.

     In 1993, a controlling interest of our stock was purchased,  resulting in a
second annual limitation in the amount of approximately  $398,000 on our ability
to utilize net operating loss  carryforwards  generated  between August 11, 1992
and September 13, 1993 (approximately $7,700,000).

     Utilization  of our net  operating  loss and  credit  carryforwards  may be
subject to substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations
provided by the Internal  Revenue  Code and similar  state  provisions.  Such an
annual  limitation  could result in the expiration of the net operating loss and
credits before utilization.

     We expects that the  aforementioned  annual  limitations will result in net
operating loss carryovers, which will not be utilized prior to the expiration of
the carryover period.

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     For the fiscal year 2003, we earned  revenues of $2,993,124  but incurred a
net loss of $7,665,181. In August 2003, we raised additional capital through the
sales of 1,232  shares  of our  Series A  Preferred  Stock,  $6.00 par value per
share,  at $1,000  per  share  for an  aggregate  sum of  $1,232,000.  It is our
intention to use this capital to  successfully  market and  implement the direct
pay program to attract new  Providers  and to increase the number of claims that
we process. However, this direct pay program is new and we are unsure whether it
will be  accepted  by the  healthcare  industry  or  whether  we will be able to
attract a  sufficient  number of  Providers  in order to  process  the number of
claims we will need to generate  sufficient  revenues to sustain our operations.
In order to attract  new  Providers  and  increase  the number of claims that we
process under this new direct pay program,  we have reduced our  transaction fee
which  will  require us to  process a higher  number of claims  that we have not
previously been able to obtain in order to generate  sufficient  revenue for our
operations.  As of  September  26,  2003,  our  cash  balance  had  declined  to
approximately $700,000. In light of our prior losses and current stock price, it
is unlikely that we will be able, at this time, to raise  additional  capital if
required.  If our direct pay  program is  unsuccessful,  we will be  required to

                                       20
<PAGE>

further reduce our expenses.  If we are unable to successfully launch our direct
pay program or gain the  confidence of Providers,  we may be required to further
reduce our operating  expenses  and/or be forced into seeking  protection  under
federal  bankruptcy  laws.  Given the conditions  described above, the report of
independent  auditors  on our June 30,  2003  financial  statements  includes an
explanatory paragraph indicating there is substantial doubt about our ability to
continue  as a going  concern.  The  financial  statements  do not  include  any
adjustments  to reflect the possible  future effects on the  recoverability  and
classification  of assets or the amounts and  classification of liabilities that
may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

     As of June 30, 2003,  we had received  short-term,  unsecured  financing to
fund our operations in the form of notes payable of $5,555,109 from Mr. Cameron,
our then chairman and chief  financial  officer and another  stockholder.  These
notes bear interest at 10.25%.  On November 1, 2002, we agreed with Mr.  Cameron
to extend  the due date on notes  payable  to him  until  December  31,  2003 in
exchange for an  extension  fee of 2%. These  extended  notes total  $2,873,694,
including  accrued  interest and extension fees, and bear interest at 10.25% per
annum.  Also on November 1, 2002, we agreed with the other note holder to extend
the due date of his convertible  promissory notes until December 31, 2003. These
convertible promissory notes total $2,681,415,  including accrued interest, bear
interest at 10.25% per annum and are convertible  into common stock at $3.00 per
share at the note holder's  option.  During fiscal year 2003, Mr. Cameron loaned
us an additional  $619,000  bearing  interest at 10.25%,  of which  $193,000 was
repaid to Mr. Cameron in October 2002. Subsequent to fiscal year 2003, the notes
payable in the amount of $2,873,694  were assigned by Mr.  Cameron to Mr. Baron,
and as of September  2003, Mr. Baron forgave all of the  obligations  under such
notes.  In addition,  of the  convertible  notes totaling  $2,681,415,  the note
holder agreed to convert $2,344,704 of the outstanding principal and all accrued
and unpaid interest under certain convertible notes into 3,086,043 shares of our
common stock leaving a total of $336,711 outstanding.

     In October 2002, we sold 4,125,000 shares of our common stock at a purchase
price of $1.00 per  share.  The  shares of common  stock  issued in the  private
placement are restricted securities.  Cash proceeds, net of offering costs, were
$3,816,209.  In connection with the October 2002 private placement,  we paid the
placement agent a placement fee of 6% of the gross proceeds raised by them and a
five year  warrant  to  purchase  10% of the common  stock  placed by them at an
exercise  price of $1.00 per share.  In addition,  we paid a finder's fee to one
individual  of $12,500 and issued a warrant to purchase  30,000 shares of common
stock at $1.00 per share.

     On July 26, 2002, we received short-term unsecured financing in the form of
a convertible  note of $1,000,000  from a lender.  This  convertible  note bears
interest at 8% and was originally payable on July 25, 2003. On July 25, 2003, we
extended this note to the earlier of July 22, 2005 or when we receive $8,000,000
debt or  equity  financing.  All or a  portion  of the  convertible  note may be
converted  into  shares of  common  stock at the lower of $1.00 per share or the
subsequent  subscription  price per share of any debt or equity offering made by
us.

     In  consideration for the loan, we issued three  warrants on July 26, 2002.
Each warrant  provides for the purchase of 100,000 shares of our common stock at
an exercise price equal to the $1.00 subscription per share price of the October
2002 private placement. The first and second warrants became exercisable on July
26,  2002  and  January  26,  2003,  respectively.   The  third  warrant  became
exercisable on July 25, 2003.  The lender may exercise  these  warrants  through
July 26, 2009.

     In connection with the issuance of the  convertible  note and the first and
second  warrants,  we estimated the aggregate fair value of the first and second
warrants to be $254,000 using the  Black-Scholes  model. In accordance with EITF
98-5, "Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features
or Contingently  Adjustable Conversion Ratios," and EITF 00-27,  "Application of
Issue No. 98-5 to Certain Convertible  Instruments," we have recognized $309,211
and $952,930  through  interest  expense for the three and twelve month  periods
respectively,  ending June 30, 2003 for a portion of the fair value of the first
and second  warrants and a portion of the beneficial  conversion  feature of the
convertible note, which was estimated to be in total $802,000.  We have recorded
additional  amounts  totaling  $103,070 during the first quarter of 2004 through

                                       21
<PAGE>

interest  expense for the remaining fair value of the first and second  warrants
and the beneficial  conversion  feature of the convertible  note recorded at the
initial  transaction  date,  and in accordance  with EITF 00-27,  the additional
beneficial  conversion  feature recorded in the quarter ending December 31, 2002
of $624,222  relating to the reset of the  conversion  price of the  convertible
note from $2.25 to $1.00 per share.

     During  the period  between  January  9, 2002 and March 28,  2002,  we sold
1,232,584 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $2.25 per share. The
shares  of  common  stock  issued  in  the  private   placement  are  restricted
securities.  Proceeds, net of offering costs, were $2,742,519. The proceeds from
the private  placement  were used to fund  operations  and repay debt.  Our then
chairman and chief financial  officer  purchased 222,222 shares our common stock
in the private placement. Because the purchase price of such stock was less than
the public  trading  price on the date of  purchase,  we  recorded  compensation
expense of $138,583  during fiscal year 2002.  In October 2002,  pursuant to the
terms of this  private  placement  and as a result of the October  2002  private
placement at a purchase price lower than $2.25, 1,540,729 additional shares were
issued to these investors  based on the October 2002 private  placement price of
$1.00  per  share.  Compensation  expense  of  $347,222  was  recorded  for  the
additional shares issued to our then chairman and chief financial officer.

     As a result of our July 2002 bridge  financing in which we granted warrants
equal to 30% of the loan at an exercise price of $1.00 per share,  we granted to
the investors of the January 2002 and October 2002 private  placements  warrants
to purchase 30% of their respective investment at an exercise price of $1.00 per
share.  Our then chairman and chief  financial  officer,  a  participant  in the
private placement, received a warrant to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock
at an exercise  price of $1.00 per share,  which was greater than the fair value
of the common stock at the warrant issuance date.

     During  fiscal year ended 2002,  we issued  284,200  shares of common stock
pursuant to the exercise of warrants for the amount of $213,150.

     On August 28, 2000, we sold  3,333,334  shares of its common stock at $3.00
per share.  Proceeds,  net of offering  costs,  were  approximately  $9,560,345.
Proceeds were used to develop the Healthcare Exchange.  Our then chief executive
officer and related entities  purchased  2,333,335 shares of our common stock in
the private  placement.  Because the purchase  price of such stock was less than
the public  trading  price on the date of  purchase,  we  recorded  compensation
expense of $1,458,334 in the first fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2000.

     During  fiscal year 2000,  we received  $3,712,348  in private sales of its
common stock at an average price of $3.42 per share.

     On September,  11, 2000, we agreed with the Series D Preferred stockholders
to exchange  all their  outstanding  Series D Preferred  shares and  $475,915 in
accrued preferred stock dividends into 566,972 shares of common stock based on a
purchase price of $3.00 per common share.  The benefit  accruing to the Series D
Preferred  stockholders  was recorded in the quarter  ended  September 30, 2000,
approximately  $316,702 in compensation  expense and $862,000 in preferred stock
dividends.

                                       22
<PAGE>

     The following  table  represents  the debt  requirements  pertaining to our
contractual obligations of over the next five years as of June 30, 2003:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                 <C>              <C>             <C>              <C>           <C>

--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contractual Obligations                                                  Payments Due by Period
--------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    Total          Less than 1      1-3 years       4-5 years      After 5
                                                                       year                                         years
--------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------------- --------------- -------------- ------------

Notes payable to stockholder                  $   2,873,694(1)   $   2,873,694   $           -   $           -  $       -

Convertible notes payable to stockholder          2,681,415(2)       2,681,415               -               -          -

Convertible note to third party                   1,000,000(3)       1,000,000               -               -          -

Operating  leases -  facilities - payable to
stockholder                                         294,494             45,528         144,944         104,022          -

Operating leases - equipment                         63,279             42,920          20,359               -          -

Application services provider                     1,082,952            270,738         812,214               -          -

--------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------------- --------------- -------------- ------------
Total contractual cash obligations            $   7,995,834      $   6,914,295   $     977,517   $     104,022  $       -
--------------------------------------------- ------------------ --------------- --------------- -------------- ------------
</TABLE>
--------------
(1)  On August 15, 2003, Mr.  Cameron  assigned to Mr. Baron all of his interest
     to the promissory  notes payable by the Company in the aggregate  amount of
     $2,873,694.  On September 18, 2003, Mr. Baron forgave all obligations  owed
     by the Company under the promissory notes.
(2)  On September 19, 2003, The Negri Trust agreed to convert  $2,344,704 of the
     outstanding  principal and all accrued and unpaid  interest as of that date
     under convertible notes into 3,086,043 shares of our common stock.
(3)  On July 25, 2003, we extended the due date for the  $1,000,000  convertible
     note to the earlier of July 22, 2005 or when we receive  $8,000,000 in debt
     or equity financing.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

     On July 25, 2003, we amended our  $1,000,000  convertible  note due on July
25, 2003. Under the terms of the amendment, the convertible note was extended to
the  earlier of July 22,  2005 or when we receive  $8,000,000  in debt or equity
financing.  In  consideration,  we agreed to  convert  all  accrued  and  unpaid
interest as of July 25, 2003 into 2,285,714 shares of our common stock at a rate
of $0.035 per share and to secure the convertible note with our assets.

     On August 15,  2003,  Mr.  Cameron  purchased  1,232 shares of our Series A
Preferred Stock, $6.00 par value per share, at $1,000 per share for an aggregate
sum of  $1,232,000.  The  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  provides  for a  dividend
preference of $0.50 per share if and when declared by the board of directors and
a liquidation preference of $6.00 per share. In addition, the shares of Series A
Preferred  Stock have no voting  rights,  except as required by law, and are not
convertible into any other securities.

     On August 15, 2003, Mr.  Cameron  assigned to Mr. Baron all of his interest
to the promissory notes payable by the Company in the aggregate principal amount
of $2,873,694  along with $283,195 in accrued Series D Preferred Stock dividends
owed by the  Company.  On  September  18,  2003,  Mr.  Baron  forgave all of the
obligations owed by the Company under the promissory notes including the accrued
and unpaid  interest  along with  $283,195 in accrued  Series D Preferred  Stock
dividends.  In connection  with this  transaction,  Mr.  Cameron sold to certain
accredited  investors  including Mr. Baron, an aggregate of 32,359,637 shares of
our common stock at a price of $0.035 per share. In addition, Mr. Cameron gifted
to several  donees an  aggregate  of 490,000  shares of our common  stock.  As a
result of these  transactions,  Mr. Cameron reduced his beneficial  ownership in
our common stock from 57.8% to 10.5% as of August 30, 2003.

                                       23
<PAGE>

     On August 15, 2003, Mr. Cameron,  McCormick ATEK Investments LLC, an entity
control by Mr.  McCormick,  and we agreed to cancel,  without value,  the option
requiring Mr. Cameron to sell 6,000,000  shares of our common stock owned by Mr.
Cameron to the McCormick ATEK Investment LLC at the purchase price of $3.625 per
share. In addition,  because of Mr. McCormick's July 1, 2003 resignation as our
chief executive officer,  his employment  agreement with us has been terminated.
As a result of the  termination,  his options to purchase  7,000,000  shares and
4,000,000  shares of our common stock granted in connection  with his employment
have fully vested and are  exercisable  pursuant to the terms of the  respective
option agreements.

     On  September  19, 2003,  we reached an  agreement  with The Negri Trust to
convert  $2,344,704  of the  outstanding  principal  and all  accrued and unpaid
interest as of that date under  convertible  notes into 3,086,043  shares of our
common stock.

     As of September 19, 2003, we have reduced our debt obligations  outstanding
as of June 30, 2003 by  $6,060,813  as a result of the  conversion  of The Negri
Trust  convertible  notes,  the  forgiveness of the  promissory  notes and other
accrued liabilities by our chairman, Mr. Alan Baron, and the forgiveness of rent
and interest on rent by Mr. Cameron.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In May 2003, the FASB issued  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards
No.  150  (SFAS  150),   Accounting  for  Certain  Financial   Instruments  with
Characteristics  of Both  Liabilities  and  Equity.  SFAS 150  requires  certain
financial   instruments   that  embody   obligations  of  the  issuer  and  have
characteristics  of both liabilities and equity to be classified as liabilities.
Many of these  instruments  previously  were  classified  as equity or temporary
equity and as such, SFAS 150 represents a significant  change in practice in the
accounting for a number of mandatorily redeemable equity instruments and certain
equity  derivatives that frequently are used in connection with share repurchase
programs.  SFAS  150 is  effective  for all  financial  instruments  created  or
modified  after May 31, 2003,  and to other  instruments at the beginning of the
first interim period  beginning after June 15, 2003. The adoption of SFAS 150 is
not expected to have a material effect on our results of operations,  liquidity,
or financial condition.

EFFECTS OF INFLATION

     Management  does not expect  inflation  to have an effect on our  operating
expenses.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

     We have notes payable in the aggregate  amount of $5,555,109 as of June 30,
2003, payable to two of our stockholders.  The notes bear interest at 10.25% per
annum and are due  December  31,  2003.  Subsequent  to fiscal year 2003,  notes
payable  in the  amount of  $2,873,694  were  forgiven  by the  holder and notes
payable in the outstanding  principal  amount,  including all accrued and unpaid
interest, of $2,344,704 were converted into 3,086,043 shares of our common stock
leaving a total of $336,711 outstanding.

     On July 26, 2002,  we received  cash of $1,000,000 in exchange for issuance
an 8% convertible note. On July 25, 2003, we amended our $1,000,000  convertible
note due on July 25, 2003.  Under the terms of the  amendment,  the  convertible
note was extended to the earlier of July 22, 2005 or when we receive  $8,000,000
in debt or equity financing. In consideration,  we agreed to convert all accrued
and unpaid  interest  as of July 25,  2003 into  2,285,714  shares of our common
stock at a rate of $0.035 per share and to secure the convertible  note with our
assets.

     We do not believe  that any change in  interest  rates will have a material
impact on us during  fiscal 2004.  Further,  we have no foreign  operations  and
therefore is not subject to foreign currency fluctuations.

                                       24
<PAGE>

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.


                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors.........................    26
Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2003 and 2002...............................    27
Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001.    28
Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended June 30,
  2003, 2002 and 2001.....................................................    29
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001.    30
Notes to Financial Statements.............................................    32












                                       25

<PAGE>


                Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors

The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

     We have audited the accompanying  balance sheets of Alternative  Technology
Resources,  Inc. as of June 30, 2003 and 2002,  and the  related  statements  of
operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period  ended June 30, 2003.  These  financial  statements  are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

     We conducted our audits in accordance  with  auditing  standards  generally
accepted in the United States.  Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An
audit also includes  assessing the accounting  principles  used and  significant
estimates  made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial
statement  presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable  basis
for our opinion.

     In our opinion,  the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material  respects,  the  financial  position of  Alternative  Technology
Resources,  Inc. at June 30, 2003 and 2002 and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the three years in the period  ended June 30, 2003 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

     The  accompanying  financial  statements  have been prepared  assuming that
Alternative Technology Resources, Inc. will continue as a going concern. As more
fully described in Note 1, the Company has incurred  recurring  operating losses
and has an  accumulated  deficit  of  $67,028,060  as of June  30,  2003.  These
conditions raise  substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a
going concern.  Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1. The financial  statements do not include any  adjustments  to reflect
the possible future effects on the  recoverability  and classification of assets
or the  amounts  and  classification  of  liabilities  that may result  from the
outcome of this uncertainty.



                                                           /S/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Sacramento, California
September 3, 2003,
except for the fifth  paragraph of Note 8, as to which the date is
September 19, 2003


                                       26
<PAGE>


                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

                                 Balance Sheets
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                                            <C>                 <C>

                                                                                                        June 30,
                                                                                               2003               2002
                                                                                               ----               ----
                                      Assets
                                      ------
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                          $         270,102   $         402,291
  Trade accounts receivable                                                                     20,492               3,602
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                     43,857              81,223
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
Total current assets                                                                           334,451             487,116

Property and equipment:
  Equipment and software                                                                       865,555             788,192
  Accumulated depreciation and amortization                                                   (547,479)           (297,987)
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
  Property and equipment, net                                                                  318,076             490,205

Prepaid license and service fees                                                               140,567             211,498
Other non-current assets                                                                             -              14,490
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------

                                                                                     $         793,094   $       1,203,309
                                                                                     =================== ==================

                  Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)
                  ----------------------------------------------
Current liabilities:
  Payable to Healthcare Exchange providers                                           $         294,192   $         409,738
  Trade accounts payable                                                                       551,762             438,460
  Accrued payroll and related expenses                                                         142,355             274,777
  Accrued preferred stock dividends                                                            283,195             283,195
  Accounts payable and accrued interest payable to stockholders                                871,063             797,232
  Notes payable to stockholder                                                               2,873,694           2,212,529
  Convertible notes payable to stockholder                                                   2,681,415           2,423,823
  Accrued interest payable to third party                                                       74,521                   -
  Other current liabilities                                                                    327,672             254,469
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
Total current liabilities                                                                    8,099,869           7,094,223


Convertible notes payable to third party                                                       896,930                   -


Commitments and contingencies (Notes 1 and 6)

Stockholders' equity (deficit):
  Convertible preferred stock, $6.00 par value - 1,200,000 shares authorized,
     none issued and outstanding at June 30, 2003 and 2002, 204,167 shares
designated
     Series D, none issued and outstanding at June 30, 2003 and 2002 Common
  stock, $0.01 par value - 100,000,000 shares authorized
     66,908,669 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2003 (60,968,213 at
     June 30, 2002)                                                                            669,087             609,682
  Additional paid-in capital                                                                58,155,268          52,862,283
  Accumulated deficit                                                                      (67,028,060)        (59,362,879)
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
Total stockholders' equity (deficit)                                                        (8,203,705)         (5,890,914)
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------

                                                                                     $         793,094   $       1,203,309
                                                                                     =================== ==================
See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>

                                       27

<PAGE>



                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

                            Statements of Operations
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                              <C>                    <C>                  <C>

                                                                              Years Ended June 30,
                                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 2003                  2002               2001
                                                       ------------------------- ----------------- -----------------
Healthcare Exchange
      Healthcare Exchange revenue                      $        2,993,124        $     1,642,565   $        50,944
      Healthcare Exchange costs                                (2,265,977)            (1,463,517)          (84,528)
                                                       ------------------------- ----------------- -----------------
Healthcare Exchange gross profit (loss)                           727,147                179,048           (33,584)

Contract Programming:
      Contract programming revenue                                      -                      -           308,469
      Programmer costs                                                  -                      -          (235,258)
      Start-up and other costs                                          -                      -           (10,414)
                                                       ------------------------- ----------------- -----------------
Contract programming gross profit                                       -                      -            62,797

Selling, marketing & product development costs                 (4,259,980)            (7,076,558)       (5,097,513)

General and administrative expenses                            (2,479,265)            (2,482,272)       (3,850,971)
                                                       ------------------------- ----------------- -----------------


Loss from operations                                           (6,012,098)            (9,379,782)       (8,919,271)
                                                       ------------------------- ----------------- -----------------

Other income (expense):
      Interest income                                              11,439                 42,563           447,742
      Interest expense to third party                          (1,027,451)                     -                 -
      Interest expense to stockholders and directors             (637,071)              (478,687)         (443,226)
                                                       ------------------------- ----------------- -----------------
Total other income (expense)                                   (1,653,083)              (436,124)            4,516
                                                       ------------------------- ----------------- -----------------

Net loss                                                       (7,665,181)            (9,815,906)       (8,914,755)

Preferred stock dividends                                               -                      -          (886,142)
                                                       ------------------------- ----------------- -----------------

Net loss applicable to common stockholders             $       (7,665,181)       $    (9,815,906)  $    (9,800,897)
                                                       ========================= ================= =================

Basic and diluted net loss per share applicable to
common stockholders                                    $            (0.12)       $         (0.16)  $         (0.17)
                                                       ========================= ================= =================

Weighted-average common stock outstanding                      65,176,437             59,936,435        58,686,778
                                                       ========================= ================= =================

See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>

                                       28


<PAGE>


                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                  Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)

                    Years ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                         <C>       <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>       <C>
                                                                                                            Accumulated        Total
                                          Convertible Preferred                                                   Other       Stock-
                                                  Stock             Common Stock       Additional                Compre      holders
                                          --------------------- --------------------      Paid-In  Accumulated  hensive       Equity
                                           Shares     Amount     Shares      Amount       Capital      Deficit     Loss    (Deficit)
                                         ---------- ----------- ---------- ----------  ----------  ------------ -------   ----------

Balance, June 30, 2000                    204,167  $ 1,225,002  55,329,605 $ 553,297 $35,879,513  $(40,632,218) $    -  $(2,974,406)

Issuance of common stock in
 settlement of accounts payable                 -            -      80,000       800     155,200             -       -      156,000
Issuance of common stock upon conversion
 of Series D preferred stock             (204,167)  (1,225,002)    566,972     5,670   2,011,949             -       -      792,617
Issuance of common stock upon conversion
 of note payable                                -            -      20,000       200      59,800             -       -       60,000

Private placement of common stock, net
   of issuance costs                            -            -   3,333,334    33,333  10,985,346             -       -   11,018,679
Options exercised                               -            -      64,933       649      41,584             -       -       42,233
Preferred stock dividends                       -            -           -         -     (24,109)            -       -      (24,109)
Other comprehensive income (loss) - change
   in unrealizedgain/loss on
   available-for-salesecurities                 -            -           -         -           -             -     (22)         (22)
Net loss                                        -            -           -         -           -    (8,914,755)      -   (8,914,755)
                                         ---------- ----------- ---------- ----------  ----------  ------------ -------   ----------


Balance, June 30, 2001                          -            -  59,394,844   593,949  49,109,283   (49,546,973)    (22)     156,237

Private placement of common stock,
 net of issuance costs                          -            -  1,232,584     12,325   2,868,777             -       -    2,881,102
Compensation expense related to
 grant of stock options to employees
 and issuance of stock to a consultant          -            -          -          -     649,028             -       -      649,028
Options and warrants exercised                  -            -    340,785      3,408     235,195             -       -      238,603
Other comprehensive income (loss) - change
 in unrealized gain/loss on available-for-sale
 securities                                     -            -          -          -           -             -      22           22
Net loss                                        -            -          -          -           -    (9,815,906)      -   (9,815,906)
                                         ---------- ----------- ---------- ----------  ----------  ------------ -------   ----------

Balance, June 30, 2002                          -            - 60,968,213    609,682  52,862,283   (59,362,879)      -   (5,890,914)

Private placement of common stock,
 net of issuance costs                          -            -  4,125,000     41,250   3,774,959             -       -    3,816,209
Issuance of additional common stock to
 January 2002 private placement investors
 upon adjustment of private placement
 stock price                                    -            -  1,540,730     15,408     (15,408)            -       -            -
Issuance of common stock to a consultant        -            -     11,000        110      11,890             -       -       12,000
Compensation expense related to CEO stock
 purchase in private placement of common stock  -            -          -          -     347,222             -       -      347,222
Expense related to adjustment of conversion
 price of convertible note payable and
 warrants issued to third party                 -            -          -          -   1,056,000             -       -    1,056,000
Contribution from stockholder                   -            -          -          -      79,971             -       -       79,971
Options and warrants exercised                  -            -    263,726      2,637      38,351             -       -       40,988
Net loss                                        -            -          -          -           -    (7,665,181)      -   (7,665,181)
                                         ---------- ----------- ---------- ----------  ----------  ------------ -------   ----------

Balance, June 30, 2003                          -    $       -  66,908,669  $669,087 $58,155,268  $(67,028,060) $    -  $(8,208,705)
                                         ========== =========== ========== ========== ===========  ============ ======= ============
See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>

                                       29

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                      <C>                   <C>                  <C>

                                                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

                                                            Statements of Cash Flows
                                                Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents

                                                                                    Years ended June 30,
                                                                         2003                 2002                 2001
                                                                -------------------- -------------------- --------------------
Cash flows from operating activities:
    Net loss                                                    $       (7,665,181)  $       (9,815,906)  $       (8,914,755)
    Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
     used in operating activities:
      Depreciation and amortization                                        249,492              190,139               93,404
      Interest expense included in notes payable to
       stockholders                                                        492,757              313,902              233,026
      Interest expense on Convertible Notes
      payable to third party relating to warrants and
      beneficial conversion option                                         952,930                    -                    -
      Incremental fair value of rent expense in excess of
        amounts paid to stockholder                                         79,971                    -                    -
      Write-off of WebMD prepaid service fee                                     -                    -              250,000
      Stock based compensation                                             359,222              787,611            1,931,036
      Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
         Trade accounts receivable                                         (16,890)              20,650               73,876
         Prepaid expenses and other current assets                          37,366              238,546             (235,586)
         Non-current assets                                                 85,421              100,717             (326,705)
         Payable to Healthcare Exchange providers                         (115,546)             368,982               40,756
         Trade accounts payable                                            113,302              287,089               54,166
         Accrued payroll and related expenses                             (132,422)              93,749               13,521
         Accounts payable and accrued interest payable to
             stockholders                                                   73,831               68,291              115,311
         Accrued interest payable to third party                            74,521                    -                    -
         Other current liabilities                                          73,203              (41,211)              22,662
                                                                -------------------- -------------------- --------------------
Net cash used by operating activities                                   (5,338,023)          (7,387,441)          (6,649,288)
                                                                -------------------- -------------------- --------------------

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Purchases of equipment and software                                     (77,363)            (286,566)            (326,211)
   Purchases of short-term investments                                           -                    -           (6,306,989)
   Maturities of short-term investments                                          -            1,354,159            4,952,830
                                                                -------------------- -------------------- --------------------
Net cash provided (used) by investing activities                           (77,363)           1,067,593           (1,680,370)
                                                                -------------------- -------------------- --------------------

</TABLE>


(Continued on next page)

                                     30

<PAGE>


                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

                            Statements of Cash Flows
                Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                   (continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                   <C>                <C>                 <C>


                                                                                  Years ended June 30,
                                                                     2003                 2002                2001
                                                              -------------------- ------------------- --------------------
Cash flows from financing activities:
    Proceeds from private placement of common stock           $        3,816,209   $        2,742,519  $        9,560,345
    Proceeds from exercise of options and warrants                        40,988              238,603              42,233
    Proceeds from notes payable to stockholders                          619,000              582,000                   -
    Payments on notes payable to stockholders                           (193,000)                   -                   -
    Payments on notes payable to directors                                     -                    -             (23,324)
    Proceeds from notes payable to third party                         1,000,000                    -                   -

                                                              -------------------- ------------------- --------------------
Net cash provided by financing activities                              5,283,197            3,563,122           9,579,254
                                                              -------------------- ------------------- --------------------

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                    (132,189)          (2,756,726)          1,249,596
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                           402,291            3,159,017           1,909,421
                                                              -------------------- ------------------- --------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                      $          270,102   $          402,291  $        3,159,017
                                                              ==================== =================== ====================

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
    Cash paid during the year for interest                    $          131,026   $          110,697  $           94,611
                                                              ==================== =================== ====================

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities:
    Conversion of notes payable to common stock                                -                    -              60,000
    Incremental fair value of rent expense recorded as
additional paid in capital                                    $           79,971   $                -  $                -
                                                              ==================== =================== ====================


See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>

                                       31

<PAGE>


                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                          Notes to Financial Statements

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

     Alternative  Technology Resources,  Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "ATR,"
the  "Company,"  "we" or "us") has  developed  and is  operating an Exchange for
healthcare services ("Healthcare Exchange").  The Company contracts with medical
doctors,   medical  groups,   hospitals  and  other  health  care  practitioners
(collectively,  "Providers")  to offer their  services  through  the  Healthcare
Exchange to those who purchase or facilitate the purchase of healthcare services
("Purchasers"). ATR's Healthcare Exchange began operations with a limited number
of Providers and Purchasers in the quarter ending June 30, 2001.

     The purpose of the Healthcare Exchange is to utilize the Internet and other
technologies  to facilitate  Provider  initiated  discounts and  administrative,
billing and remittance  services for all commercial lines of business within the
healthcare  industry.  Our  Healthcare  Exchange  offers a direct and  efficient
conduit  between  Providers and Purchasers of health care services,  their PPOs'
and/or their agents.  Providers  submit claims to the Company,  who reprices the
claims   to   the   rate   set   by   the   Providers,    including   adding   a
transaction-processing  fee,  and  then  routes  them  to  Purchasers  or  their
intermediaries.  The Company  receives  payments  from  Purchasers  on behalf of
Providers, and then remits payments to Providers.

     Subsequent  to fiscal  year  2003,  the  Company  implemented  a direct pay
program wherein  Providers submit their healthcare  claims to ATR for re-pricing
to the  Healthcare  Exchange rate. The Company then routes the adjusted claim to
Purchasers or their intermediaries,  who pay the Providers directly. The Company
then  invoices the  Providers a  transaction  fee for each claim  processed  and
forwarded to the Purchaser.

     The continuing  development  efforts of the Company's  Healthcare  Exchange
will require  substantial  funds. In August 2003, the Company raised  additional
capital through the sale of 1,232 shares of its Series A Preferred Stock,  $6.00
par value per share, at $1,000 per share for an aggregate sum of $1,232,000.  It
is  management's  intention  to use this  capital  to  successfully  market  and
implement  the direct pay program,  to attract new Providers and to increase the
number of claims that it processes. However, this direct pay program is new, and
the Company is unsure whether it will be accepted by the healthcare  industry or
whether it will be able to attract the number of Providers  required in order to
process the number of claims needed to generate  sufficient  revenues to sustain
the Company's operations. To attract new Providers and, therefore,  increase the
number of claims  processed  under this new direct pay program,  the Company has
reduced  its per claim  transaction  fee which  will  require  that the  Company
process a greater number of claims than it has previously been able to obtain in
the program in effect prior to the direct pay program.

     As of  September  26,  2003,  the  Company's  cash  balance had declined to
approximately $700,000. In light of the Company's prior losses and current stock
price,  it is unlikely  that  management  will be able,  at this time,  to raise
additional  capital if  required.  If the direct  pay  program is  unsuccessful,
management  will be required to further  reduce the Company's  expenses.  If the
Company is unable to  successfully  launch  its  direct pay  program or gain the
confidence  of  Providers,  management  may be  required  to further  reduce the
Company's  operating expenses or be forced into seeking protection under federal
bankruptcy laws.

                                       32
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


     Given the conditions described above, the report of independent auditors on
the  Company's  June 30,  2003  financial  statements  includes  an  explanatory
paragraph  indicating there is substantial  doubt about the Company's ability to
continue  as a going  concern.  The  financial  statements  do not  include  any
adjustments  to reflect the possible  future effects on the  recoverability  and
classification  of assets or the amounts and  classification of liabilities that
may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

USE OF ESTIMATES IN PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The  preparation of the financial  statements in conformity with accounting
principles  generally accepted in the United States requires  management to make
estimates  and  assumptions  that affect the amounts  reported in the  financial
statements  and  accompanying  notes.  Actual  results  could  differ from those
estimates.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

     The  Company  considers  all highly  liquid  investments  with an  original
maturity  of  three  months  or  less  from  the  date  of  purchase  to be cash
equivalents.  At June 30, 2003 and 2002  substantially all of the Company's cash
equivalents represent investments in money market accounts.

PREPAID LICENSE AND SERVICE FEES

     Prepaid  license and service fees are  recorded at cost and  amortized on a
straight-line  basis over the  expected  service  period.  Management  considers
whether  indicators  of  impairment  of these assets are present at each balance
sheet date and an impairment loss is recorded, if necessary.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

     Property  and  equipment  are  recorded  at cost and are  depreciated  on a
straight-line  basis over the estimated  useful lives of the assets or the lease
term,  whichever is shorter. The estimated useful lives range from three to five
years.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

     The  Company  recognizes  revenue for the  transaction-processing  fee when
earned and the Company has substantially  completed all of its obligations under
the contract and collectibility is reasonably assured.

     Contract  programming  revenue  represented  work  performed for customers,
primarily on a time and materials  basis,  and was  recognized  when the related
services were rendered.  Contract  termination  fees were amounts  received from
customers  when they  exercised  the contract  provision,  which allowed them to
convert the Company's programmer to their employee. In addition, these fees were
also received from programmers  when they exercised their contract  provision to
terminate their  relationship  with the Company prior to the termination date of
their  contract.  These fee amounts were  stipulated in customer and  programmer
contracts,  were based on the length of time remaining  under the contract,  and

                                       33
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


were  recognized as revenue when such contract  provisions  were invoked.  As of
June 30, 2001, the Company is no longer in the contract programming business.

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT COSTS

     In  October  1999,  the  Company  began  incurring  costs  to  develop  its
Healthcare  Exchange.  In  accordance  with  SOP  98-5,  "Reporting  on Costs of
Start-Up  Activities,"  start-up costs  associated with the Healthcare  Exchange
have  been  expensed  as  incurred.  The  Company's  Healthcare  Exchange  began
operations in the quarter ending June 30, 2001.

NET LOSS PER SHARE

     All  loss  per  share  amounts  for all  periods  have  been  presented  in
accordance  with  Statement of  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board No. 128,
"Earnings  per  Share." As the Company  has  reported  net losses in all periods
presented, basic and diluted loss per share have been calculated on the basis of
net loss  applicable  to common  stockholders  divided by the  weighted  average
number  of common  shares  outstanding  without  giving  effect  to  outstanding
options,  warrants,  and convertible securities whose effects are anti-dilutive.
For fiscal years 2003, 2002 and 2001,  there were stock options,  stock warrants
and a convertible notes payable outstanding,  and for fiscal year 2000 there was
also  convertible  preferred  stock  outstanding  (Notes 3 and 7),  which  could
potentially dilute earnings per share in the future but were not included in the
computation of diluted loss per share as their effect was  anti-dilutive  in the
periods presented.

     As permitted  under the  provisions  of  Statement of Financial  Accounting
Standards No. 123 "Accounting for  Stock-Based  Compensation"  ("SFAS No. 123"),
the  Company  has  elected to account  for  stock-based  compensation  using the
intrinsic value method prescribed by Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees"  ("APB No. 25").  Under the intrinsic
value  method,  compensation  cost is the excess,  if any, of the quoted  market
price or fair  value of the stock at the grant  date or other  measurement  date
over  the  amount  an  employee  must  pay  to  acquire  the  stock.  Additional
disclosures  required under SFAS No. 123 are included in Note 7 to the financial
statements.

     SFAS No. 123 requires  presentation of pro forma information  regarding net
loss and loss per share as if the Company had accounted  for its employee  stock
options  under the fair value  method of that  Statement.  The fair value of ATR
options was  estimated at the date of grant using the  Black-Scholes  model with
the following weighted average assumptions for fiscal years 2003, 2002 and 2001:
dividend yield of 0%, an expected life of five years, a risk-free  interest rate
of 3.0%,  5.0% and 5.0%,  and expected  volatility of 0.835,  1.168,  and 1.271,
respectively.

     The  Black-Scholes   option  valuation  model  was  developed  for  use  in
estimating the fair value of traded options,  which have no vesting restrictions
and are fully  transferable.  In addition,  option  valuation models require the
input of highly  subjective  assumptions  including  the  expected  stock  price
volatility.  Because the Company's  employee stock options have  characteristics
significantly  different from those of traded options and because changes in the
subjective input assumptions can materially  affect the fair value estimate,  it
is the  Company's  opinion,  the existing  models do not  necessarily  provide a
reliable  single measure of the fair value of the employee  stock  options.  For

                                       34
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


purposes of pro forma  disclosures,  the estimated  fair value of the options is
amortized to expense over the vesting period.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                              <C>                  <C>                    <C>


                                                                               Years Ended June 30,
                                                          ---------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 2003                 2002                  2001
                                                          -------------------- -------------------- ---------------------
Net loss applicable to common stockholders as
reported:                                                 $       (7,665,181)  $       (9,815,906)  $        (9,800,897)
Add:   stock-based employee compensation
       included in reported net loss                                 347,222              787,611             1,931,036
Less:  stock-based employee compensation
       expense, determined under fair value
       method for all awards                                      (6,094,078)          (4,786,814)           (6,283,568)
                                                          -------------------- -------------------- ---------------------

Pro forma net loss                                        $      (13,412,037)  $      (13,815,109)  $       (14,153,429)
                                                          ==================== ==================== =====================

Loss per share:
      Basic and diluted net loss per share as             $            (0.12)  $            (0.16)  $             (0.17)
      reported
      Pro forma basic and diluted net loss per
      share                                               $            (0.21)  $            (0.23)  $             (0.24)
                                                          ==================== ==================== =====================
</TABLE>

     Future pro forma results may be materially  different from amounts reported
as future years will include the effects of additional stock option grants.


SEGMENT DISCLOSURES

     As of June 30,  2003,  the Company  operates in one  segment,  the selling,
marketing, development and operation of an Exchange for health care services.

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

     Total  comprehensive  loss  for  fiscal  years  2003,  2002  and  2001  was
$7,665,181,  $9,815,884 and $8,914,777 respectively.  Other comprehensive income
(loss)   represents   the  net   change  in   unrealized   gains   (losses)   on
available-for-sale securities.

CONCENTRATIONS OF RISK

     The  Company   invests  its  cash  with  high  credit   quality   financial
institutions.  The Company  believes the financial  risks  associated with these
financial instruments are minimal.

     During  fiscal  years  2003  and  2002,  no  single   healthcare   provider
represented 10% or more of the Company's  Healthcare  Exchange revenues.  During
fiscal year 2001, three customers individually accounted for 41%, 39% and 11% of
Contract Programming revenues.

                                       35
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     The Company's  financial  instruments  consist of cash,  cash  equivalents,
accounts receivable,  and accounts and notes payable.  Fair values of cash, cash
equivalents,  short-term investments,  accounts receivable, and accounts payable
(other than accounts  payable to  stockholders)  are  considered to  approximate
their carrying values.

     Fair  values of  accounts  payable  to  stockholders  and notes  payable to
stockholders could not be determined with sufficient  reliability  because these
are instruments held by related parties and because of the cost involved in such
determination.  Principal  characteristics of these financial  instruments that,
along with information on the financial  position of the Company,  are pertinent
to their fair values are described in Notes 2 and 3.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In May 2003, the FASB issued  Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards
No.  150  (SFAS  150),   Accounting  for  Certain  Financial   Instruments  with
Characteristics  of Both  Liabilities  and  Equity.  SFAS 150  requires  certain
financial   instruments   that  embody   obligations  of  the  issuer  and  have
characteristics  of both liabilities and equity to be classified as liabilities.
Many of these  instruments  previously  were  classified  as equity or temporary
equity and as such, SFAS 150 represents a significant  change in practice in the
accounting for a number of mandatorily redeemable equity instruments and certain
equity  derivatives that frequently are used in connection with share repurchase
programs.  SFAS  150 is  effective  for all  financial  instruments  created  or
modified  after May 31, 2003,  and to other  instruments at the beginning of the
first interim period  beginning after June 15, 2003. The adoption of SFAS 150 is
not expected to have a material  effect on the Company's  results of operations,
liquidity, or financial condition.

2.  INVESTOR GROUP TRANSACTIONS

     In fiscal year 1994, the Company  entered into a series of agreements  with
James W.  Cameron,  Jr.  pursuant to which Mr.  Cameron and Dr. Max Negri became
principal  stockholders  of the Company.  As of June 30, 2003, Mr. Cameron owned
39,891,783  shares of the Company's  common stock. As of June 30, 2003 Dr. Negri
held less than 5% of the Company's common stock.

     During  fiscal  years 2003,  2002 and 2001,  the  Company did not  generate
sufficient  cash  flow  from  operations  and  borrowed  funds  from  these  two
stockholders. Notes payable to stockholders were $5,555,109 at June 30, 2003 and
$4,636,352 at June 30, 2002 (Note 3).  Accrued  interest of $312,143 at June 30,
2003 and  $269,435  at June 30,  2002 on these  notes is  included  in  accounts
payable and accrued interest payable to stockholders.

     On August 15,  2003,  Mr.  Cameron  assigned  to Mr.  Alan  Baron,  our new
chairman,  all of his interest to the promissory notes payable by the Company in
the  aggregate  principal  amount of  $2,873,694  along with $283,195 in accrued
Series D Preferred Stock  dividends owed by the Company.  On September 18, 2003,
Mr.  Baron  forgave  all of  the  obligations  owed  by the  Company  under  the
promissory  notes  including the accrued and unpaid interest along with $283,195
in accrued Series D Preferred Stock dividends.

                                       36
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


     The Company leases its office facilities in Sacramento, California from Mr.
Cameron  (Note 6).  Accrued  lease  expense  of  $559,220  at June 30,  2003 and
$527,896  at June 30,  2002 is also  included  in  accounts  payable and accrued
interest payable to stockholders.

     During fiscal years 2003,  2002 and 2001,  Cameron &  Associates,  which is
wholly owned by Mr. Cameron,  provided consulting services to the Company.  Fees
for such services  totaled $50,000 in fiscal years 2003, and $120,000 in each of
2002 and 2001.

3.  FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS

     On July 26, 2002, the Company received  short-term  unsecured  financing in
the form of a convertible note of $1,000,000 from a lender ("Convertible Note").
This Convertible Note, bearing interest at 8% was originally payable on July 25,
2003.  On July 25, 2003,  the Company  extended this note to the earlier of July
22, 2005 or when the Company  receives  $8,000,000 in debt or equity  financing.
All or a portion of the convertible  note may be converted into shares of common
stock at the lower of $ 1.00 per share or the subsequent  subscription price per
share of any debt or equity offering made by the Company.  In consideration  for
the amendment,  the Company agreed to convert all accrued and unpaid interest as
of July 25, 2003 into  2,285,714  shares of its common stock at a rate of $0.035
per share and to secure the Convertible Note with our assets. In connection with
the amendment,  the Company has classified the  Convertible  Note as a long-term
obligation since the term of repayment has been extended to July 22, 2005.

     In  consideration  for the  Convertible  Note,  the  Company  issued  three
warrants on July 26,  2002.  Each  warrant  provides for the purchase of 100,000
shares of the  Company's  common  stock at an exercise  price equal to the $1.00
subscription  per share price of the Company's  October 2002 Private  Placement.
The First and Second  Warrants  became  exercisable on July 26, 2002 and January
26, 2003,  respectively,  and are  exercisable  before the expiration  date. The
Third Warrant issued became exercisable on July 26, 2003 and is also exercisable
before the expiration  date.  When, and if,  exercisable the lender may exercise
these warrants through July 26, 2009.

     In  connection  with the  issuance  of the Note and the  First  and  Second
Warrants, the Company estimated the aggregate fair value of the First and Second
Warrants to be $254,000 using the  Black-Scholes  model. In accordance with EITF
98-5, "Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features
or Contingently  Adjustable Conversion Ratios," and EITF 00-27,  "Application of
Issue No. 98-5 to Certain  Convertible  Instruments," the Company has recognized
$952,930 through interest expense for fiscal year 2003 for a portion of the fair
value  of the  First  and  Second  Warrants  and a  portion  of  the  beneficial
conversion feature of the Note, which was estimated to be in total $802,000. The
Company recorded  additional  amounts totaling  $103,070 in the first quarter of
2004  through  interest  expense for the  remaining  fair value of the First and
Second  Warrants and the beneficial  conversion  feature of the Note recorded at
the initial  transaction date, and in accordance with EITF 00-27, the additional
beneficial  conversion  feature recorded in the quarter ending December 31, 2002
of $624,222 relating to the reset of the conversion price of the Note from $2.25
to $1.00 per share.

     In July 2002, the Company  engaged a placement  agent to assist in the sale
of shares of the Company's common stock in a private  placement.  During October
2002,  the Company  received  gross  proceeds of $4,125,000  through the sale of
4,125,000 shares pursuant to this offering.  Cash proceeds net of offering costs

                                       37
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


were  $3,816,209.  In connection  with the October 2002 Private  Placement,  the
Company paid the  placement  agent a placement  fee of 6% of the gross  proceeds
raised by them and a five year  warrant  to  purchase  10% of the  common  stock
placed by them at an exercise price of $1.00 per share. In addition, the Company
paid a  finder's  fee to one  individual  of  $12,500  and  issued a warrant  to
purchase  30,000  shares of common stock at $1.00 per share.  The warrant had an
estimated fair value of $22,800.

     Resulting from the closing of the October 2002 Private Placement, 1,540,729
additional  shares were issued to investors who purchased shares of common stock
in the  January  2002  Private  Placement  based  on the  October  2002  Private
Placement  price of $1.00  per  share.  Compensation  expense  of  $347,222  was
recorded for the  additional  shares issued to the Company's  Chairman and Chief
Financial Officer.

     During fiscal year 2003, the facilities lease agreement between the Company
and the Mr. James W. Cameron was modified to reflect an annual base rent of $120
until further notice from lessor, in his sole and absolute discretion, to return
the rent to its previous level.  To recognize the estimated  market rate of this
transaction,  a monthly  expense of $11,424 was recognized  through rent expense
and other capital  contributions.  On July 1, 2003, Company entered into a sixth
addendum to the lease,  which reduces the square footage occupied by the Company
and stipulates the monthly rent to be $3,794.

     The  Company  has  received  short-term,  unsecured  financing  to fund its
operations in the form of notes payable of $5,555,109 as of June 30, 2003,  from
Mr.  Cameron and another  stockholder.  These notes bear interest at 10.25%.  On
November 1, 2002,  the Company agreed with Mr. Cameron to extend the due date on
notes payable to him until December 31, 2003 in exchange for an extension fee of
2%.  These  extended  notes total  $2,873,694,  including  accrued  interest and
extension fees, and bear interest at 10.25% per annum. Also on November 1, 2002,
the  Company  agreed  with the other  note  holder to extend the due date of his
convertible   promissory  notes  until  December  31,  2003.  These  convertible
promissory notes total $2,681,415,  including accrued interest, bear interest at
10.25% per annum and are convertible into common stock at $3.00 per share at the
note holder's option. During to fiscal year 2003, Mr. Cameron loaned the Company
an additional  $619,000 bearing interest at 10.25%, of which $193,000 was repaid
to Mr.  Cameron  in  October  2002.  Subsequent  to June 30,  2003,  these  debt
obligations were forgiven (Note 8).

     As a result of the issuance of the  convertible  note in July 2002 in which
the Company  granted  warrants  equal to 30% of the loan at an exercise price of
$1.00 per share,  the Company  granted to the  investors of the January 2002 and
October 2002  Private  Placements  warrants to purchase 30% of their  respective
investment  at  an  exercise  price  of  $1.00  per  share.  Mr.  Cameron,  as a
participant  in the private  placement,  received a warrant to purchase  150,000
shares of  common  stock at an  exercise  price of $1.00  per  share,  which was
greater than the fair value of the common stock at the warrant issuance date.

     Subsequent to August 19, 1999, Mr. Cameron elected to replace his remaining
interest in the Straight Note, including accrued interest,  with the Convertible
Note and then  simultaneously  converted the  Convertible  Note into  19,762,786
shares of ATR's  common  stock.  All other  Straight  Note  holders  have  since

                                       38
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


replaced their Straight Notes,  including  accrued  interest,  with  Convertible
Notes and converted such Convertible Notes into an aggregate of 7,998,411 shares
of the Company's common stock.

     Subsequent  to June 30,  1999,  Mr.  Cameron  disposed  of a portion of his
interest in the Straight  Note,  reducing the balance due him to $711,885,  plus
accrued  interest.  On August 19, 1999, the Company's Board of Directors  agreed
with the Straight Note holders to fix the  conversion  price of the  Convertible
Note to $0.044 in exchange for the Straight and/or  Convertible Notes ceasing to
accrue  interest as of that date.  Because of the decline in revenues  caused by
the  non-renewal  of programmer  contracts and the steady  decline in the quoted
value of the Company's  common stock at that time (trading price was at $0.25 on
August 19, 1999), the Board agreed it was in the best interest of the Company to
eliminate the future market risk that the  conversion  price become lower than a
fixed  conversion  price of $0.044.  The benefit  accruing  to the note  holders
resulting from the amendment to the conversion  terms, as measured on August 19,
1999,  was  approximately  $2,415,222  and was recorded as  additional  interest
expense.

     On April 21,  1997,  the Company  issued an  unsecured  note  payable  (the
"Straight  Note") to Mr. Cameron for $1,000,000 in accordance with the agreement
the Company  signed on February  28,  1994.  Terms of the note  provided  for an
interest rate of 9.5% and monthly interest payments. No maturity date was stated
in the  note;  however,  under the terms of the  Reimbursement  Agreement,  upon
written  demand by Mr.  Cameron,  the Straight Note was to be replaced by a note
convertible  into ATR's  common  stock (the  "Convertible  Note") in a principal
amount equal to the  Straight  Note and bearing  interest at the same rate.  The
conversion price of the Convertible Note was equal to 20% of the average trading
price of the  Company's  common stock over the period of ten trading days ending
on the trading day next preceding the date of issuance of such Convertible Note.

4.  WEBMD CORP. AGREEMENT

     In September  1999, the Company  entered into an agreement with WebMD Corp.
to develop a web-based  portal  through  which  individual  uninsured  and under
insured  Patients can procure  healthcare  services.  The  agreement  required a
prepaid  service  fee to be  paid  to  WebMD  of  $250,000  upon  a  promotional
announcement  on  WebMD's  Internet  portal,  and a  sharing  of  revenues  when
operational.  Currently  both parties are  reevaluating  this  agreement,  given
changed  directions  and  priorities  of each  company.  The  agreement  has not
formally been modified or terminated, nor has either party proposed any specific
changes.  However, neither party is currently devoting any substantial resources
to this project.  Accordingly, the prepaid service fee was written off in fiscal
year 2001 and is  included as a component  of product  development  costs in the
statement of operations.

5.  INCOME TAXES

     There is no  provision  for income  taxes  because the Company has incurred
operating  losses.  Deferred  income  taxes  reflect  the net tax effects of net
operating loss and tax credit carryovers and temporary  differences  between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial  reporting purposes and
the  amounts  used  for  income  tax  purposes.  Significant  components  of the
Company's deferred tax assets are as follows:

                                       39
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                    <C>                      <C>

                                                                                 June 30,
                                                                       2003                    2002
                                                                       ----                    ----
                                                               ---------------------- -----------------------

Net operating loss carry forwards                              $       19,220,000     $       18,043,000
Research credits                                                          120,000                123,000
Common stock options                                                    2,720,000              2,818,000
Common stock warrants                                                     790,000                789,000
Other - net                                                               410,000                362,000
                                                               ---------------------- -----------------------
Total deferred tax assets                                              23,620,000             22,135,000
Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets                           (23,620,000)           (22,135,000)
                                                               ---------------------- -----------------------
Net deferred tax assets                                        $                -     $                -
                                                               ====================== =======================

</TABLE>

     Realization  of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future  earnings,  if
any, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Accordingly, the net deferred
tax assets  have been  fully  offset by a  valuation  allowance.  The  valuation
allowance   increased  by  $1,125,000  and  $4,653,000  during  2003  and  2002,
respectively.

     As of June 30, 2003, the Company had net operating loss  carryforwards  for
federal  income tax  purposes of  approximately  $53,000,000  that expire in the
years 2005 through  2023 and federal  research  and  development  tax credits of
approximately $100,000 that expire in the year 2005.

     As of June 30, 2003, the Company had net operating loss  carryforwards  for
state income tax purposes of approximately  $20,000,000 that expire in the years
2004  through  2013  and  state   research  and   development   tax  credits  of
approximately $30,000 that do not expire.

     In connection with the Company's  initial public offering in August 1992, a
change of ownership  (as defined in Section 382 of the Internal  Revenue Code of
1986, as amended)  occurred.  As a result,  the  Company's  net  operating  loss
carryforwards  generated through August 20, 1992 (approximately  $1,900,000) are
subject to an annual limitation in the amount of approximately $300,000.

     In 1993,  a  controlling  interest of the  Company's  stock was  purchased,
resulting in a second annual limitation in the amount of approximately  $398,000
on the Company's ability to utilize net operating loss  carryforwards  generated
between August 11, 1992 and September 13, 1993 (approximately $7,700,000).

     Utilization  of the Company's net operating  loss and credit  carryforwards
may be subject to  substantial  annual  limitation  due to the ownership  change
limitations  provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions.
Such an annual  limitation  could result in the  expiration of the net operating
loss and credits before utilization.

     The Company expects that the aforementioned  annual limitations will result
in net  operating  loss  carryovers,  which  will not be  utilized  prior to the
expiration of the carryover period.

                                       40
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


6.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

     The  Company  may  from  time  to time  become  a party  to  various  legal
proceedings  arising in the ordinary course of its business.  The Company is not
currently subject to any legal proceedings.

     The Company signed agreements effective in January 2001 with an application
services provider to license, support and run software to process medical claims
submitted to the Company's Healthcare Exchange.  The agreements are for a period
of 66 months.  They required payment of an initial base license fee of $250,000,
which is being  amortized  over the expected term of the  arrangement,  and data
center set up, training and  implementation  fees of about $145,000,  which were
expensed.  The agreements  require monthly minimum  payments  currently of about
$35,000 and additional fees that are transaction  based if volumes exceed levels
included in the monthly minimums.

     In  November  1995,  the Company  entered  into a lease  agreement  for its
facility in Sacramento,  California under a one-year lease with Mr. Cameron. The
lease has been  extended to January 31,  2004.  Payments  under this  facilities
lease were approximately  $141,330 per year. At June 30, 2003,  $559,220 of rent
owed for fiscal  years 1996  through 2003 is included in the balance of accounts
payable and accrued  interest  payable to  stockholders.  During the fiscal year
2003, the  facilities  lease  agreement  between the Company and Mr. Cameron was
modified  to  reflect  an annual  base rent of $120 until  further  notice  from
lessor, in his sole and absolute discretion,  to return the rent to its previous
level.  To recognize the estimated  market rate of this  transaction,  a monthly
expense of  $11,424  was  recognized  through  rent  expense  and other  capital
contributions.  On July 1, 2003 the Company entered into a sixth addendum to the
lease,  which reduces the square footage  occupied by the Company and stipulates
the  monthly  rent to be $3,794.  Rental  expense for all  operating  leases was
approximately  $221,237,  $230,987 and $196,390, for fiscal years June 30, 2003,
2002 and 2001,  respectively,  including  approximately  $143,122,  $148,302 and
$139,272 related to the lease of the office facilities from Mr. Cameron.

     Minimum annual payments for all non-cancelable operating leases and amounts
due to an application services provider are as follows:

        2004                         $          359,186
        2005                                    336,859
        2006                                    319,927
        2007                                    320,732
        2008                                     51,242
        Thereafter                               52,779
                                     -------------------------
        Total                                 1,440,725
                                     =========================

7.   STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY TOTAL

SERIES D PREFERRED STOCK

     In June 1994,  existing  stockholders  purchased 204,167 shares of Series D
Convertible  Preferred  Stock for  $1,225,002.  ATR's  Series D Preferred  Stock
carried a  cumulative  dividend of $0.60 per share per year,  until the Series D
preferred  stock was  exchanged  for common  stock on  September  11,  2000.  On
September 11, 2000, in connection  with the exchange of 204,167  shares Series D

                                       41
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


preferred  stock,  for 408,334 shares of common stock based on a per share price
of $3.00 per share, the Company  declared  accrued  dividends of $759,110 in the
aggregate.  Of the $759,110 in accrued dividends,  two of the Series D preferred
stockholders  agreed to accept  158,638  shares of common  stock for $475,915 in
accrued  dividends based on a $3.00 per share value. The benefit accruing to the
Series D Preferred stockholders recorded in the quarter ended September 30, 2000
was  approximately  $316,702 in  compensation  expense and $862,000 in preferred
stock  dividends.  As of  June  30,  2003,  cumulative  unpaid,  dividends  were
$283,195.

COMMON STOCK

     The  Company's   Healthcare  Exchange   development  efforts  will  require
substantial funds. In July 2002, the Company engaged a placement agent to assist
in the sale of  shares of the  Company's  common  stock in a private  placement.
During October 2002, the Company  received gross proceeds of $4,125,000  through
the sale of 4,125,000  shares  pursuant to this  offering.  Cash proceeds net of
offering  costs were  $3,816,209.  In  connection  with the October 2002 Private
Placement,  the Company paid the  placement  agent a placement  fee of 6% of the
gross  proceeds  raised by them and a five-year  warrant to purchase  10% of the
Common  Stock  placed  by them at an  exercise  price of  $1.00  per  share.  In
addition,  the  Company  paid a finder's  fee to one  individual  of $12,500 and
issued a warrant to purchase  30,000  shares of common stock at $1.00 per share.
The fair value of the warrant was $22,800.

     Resulting from the closing of the October 2002 Private  Placement of common
stock, 1,540,729 additional shares were issued to investors who purchased shares
of common stock in the January 2002 Private  Placement based on the October 2002
Private Placement price of $1.00 per share. Compensation expense of $347,222 was
recorded for the  additional  shares issued to the Company's  Chairman and Chief
Financial Officer.

     On January 9,  2002,  the Board of  Directors  of the  Company  unanimously
approved a private  placement of up to $12,000,000 of the Company's common stock
at a purchase price of $2.25 per share. The shares of common stock issued in the
private  placement are restricted  securities.  Further  pursuant to the private
placement,  in the event that within one year from the final closing the Company
sells shares of common stock,  or securities  exercisable  or  convertible  into
common  stock,  at a price  less than $2.25 per share,  the  Company  will issue
additional shares to these investors in an amount such that the overall purchase
price will be equal to the lower,  subsequent  sales price.  The forgoing  shall
exclude  common  stock  that may be issued  in  connection  with a merger,  as a
dividend,  pursuant to the exercise of outstanding  options,  warrants and other
convertible securities and pursuant to options subsequently issued to employees.
Proceeds, net of offering costs, were $2,742,519. Proceeds were used for further
development and operation of the Healthcare Exchange. The Company's Chairman and
Chief Financial  Officer  purchased 222,222 shares of the Company's common stock
in the private placement. Because the purchase price of such stock was less than
the  public  trading  price  on the  date  of  purchase,  the  Company  recorded
compensation expense of $138,583 in fiscal year 2002.

                                       42
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


     The Company received  $9,560,345 in a private placement of its common stock
at a price of $3.00 in  fiscal  year  2001,  and in fiscal  year  2000  received
$3,712,348  in a private  placement of its common  stock at an average  price of
$3.42 per share.

WARRANTS

Warrant activity during the periods indicated is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                             <C>                     <C>                     <C>


                                               Number of              Range of           Weighted Average
                                                Shares             Exercise Prices        Exercise Price
                                         ---------------------- ---------------------- ----------------------

Balance at June 30, 2000                         539,800            $0.01-$25.00               $0.95
Expired/Canceled                                 (40,000)           $0.01                      $0.01

                                         ----------------------
Balance at June 30, 2001                         499,800            $0.01-$25.00               $1.02
Exercised                                       (284,200)           $0.75                      $0.75

                                         ----------------------
Balance at June 30, 2002                         215,600            $0.01-$25.00               $1.38
Issued                                         2,774,494            $1.00                      $1.00

                                         ----------------------
Balance at June 30, 2003                       2,990,094            $0.01-$25.00               $1.03
                                         ======================
</TABLE>

     At June  30,  2003,  the  weighted-average  remaining  contractual  life of
outstanding  warrants was 6.62 years.  All warrants are immediately  exercisable
for common  stock at June 30,  2003  except for the Third  Warrant  for  100,000
shares issued in consideration  of the $1,000,000  bridge loan. In consideration
for the loan, the Company  issued three warrants on July 26, 2002.  Each warrant
provides for the purchase of 100,000 shares of the Company's  common stock at an
exercise  price equal to the $1.00  subscription  per share price of the October
2002 Private  Placement,  or if further  shares are offered at a lower price per
share,  then at that price. The First and Second Warrants became  exercisable on
July 26, 2002 and January 26, 2003, respectively, and are exercisable before the
expiration  date. The Third Warrant  issued became  exercisable on July 26, 2003
and is also  exercisable  before the expiration date of July 26, 2009. When, and
if,  exercisable  the lender may exercise these warrants  through the expiration
date of July 26, 2009.

     As a result of the issuance of the  convertible  note in July 2002 in which
the Company  granted  warrants  equal to 30% of the loan at an exercise price of
$1.00 per share,  the Company  granted to the  investors of the January 2002 and
October 2002  Private  Placements  warrants to purchase 30% of their  respective
investment  at  an  exercise  price  of  $1.00  per  share.  Mr.  Cameron,  as a
participant  in the private  placement,  received a warrant to purchase  150,000
shares of  common  stock at an  exercise  price of $1.00  per  share,  which was
greater than the fair value of the common stock at the warrant issuance date.

                                       43
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


STOCK OPTION/STOCK ISSUANCE PLANS

     The 1993 Stock  Option/Stock  Issuance Plan (the "1993 Plan"),  pursuant to
which key employees  (including officers) and consultants of the Company and the
non-employee members of the Board of Directors may acquire an equity interest in
the Company, was adopted by the Board of Directors on August 31, 1993 and became
effective  at that time.  The 1993 Plan  provided  that up to 400,000  shares of
common stock could be issued over the ten-year term of the 1993 Plan. As of June
30, 2003, shares available for future issuance under this plan were 36,173. This
plan  will  expire as of  September  30,  2003 or the date on which  all  shares
available for issuance under the plan have been issued or cancelled  pursuant to
the exercise, surrender or cash-out of the options granted under the plan or the
issuance of shares under the Stock Issuance Program.

     The 1997  Stock  Option  Plan  (the  "1997  Plan"),  pursuant  to which key
employees   (including   officers)  and  consultants  of  the  Company  and  the
non-employee members of the Board of Directors may acquire an equity interest in
the  Company,  was adopted by the Board of  Directors  on November  18, 1997 and
became  effective at that time. An aggregate of 3,000,000 shares of common stock
were issued over the  five-year  term of the 1997 plan.  This plan expired as of
November  18,  2002 and as of June 30, 2003 no shares are  available  for future
issuance.

     The 2002  Stock  Option  Plan  (the  "2002  Plan"),  pursuant  to which key
employees   (including   officers)  and  consultants  of  the  Company  and  the
non-employee members of the Board of Directors may acquire an equity interest in
the  Company,  was adopted by the Board of  Directors  on November  19, 2002 and
became  effective at that time. An aggregate of 3,000,000 shares of common stock
may be issued over the five-year term of the 2002 plan. Subject to the oversight
and  review  of the  Board  of  Directors,  the 2002  Plan  shall  generally  be
administered by a committee or subcommittee consisting of two or more members of
the Board,  all of whom are Outside  Directors and who satisfy the  requirements
under the Exchange Act for administering this plan (the "Committee").  The grant
date, the number of shares covered by an option and the terms and conditions for
exercise of options shall be determined  by the  Committee,  subject to the 2002
Plan  requirements.  The Board of Directors  shall determine the grant date, the
number of shares  covered by an option and the terms and conditions for exercise
of options to be granted  to  members  of the  Committee.  As of June 30,  2003,
shares  available  for  future  issuance  under this plan were  2,920,000.  This
five-year plan will expire November 19, 2007.

                                       44
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


         Option activity for the 1993, 1997 and the 2002 Plans during the
periods indicated is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>       <C>                                             <C>                    <C>

                                                        Number of          Weighted Average
                                                         Shares             Exercise Price
                                                  ---------------------- ----------------------

          Balance at June 30, 2000                      1,180,000                   $2.36
          Granted                                         920,600                   $2.77
          Exercised                                       (49,933)                  $0.25
          Cancelled                                      (317,500)                  $4.04

                                                  ----------------------
          Balance at June 30, 2001                      1,733,167                   $2.33
          Granted                                       1,234,053                   $1.83
          Exercised                                       (51,585)                  $0.45
          Cancelled                                      (326,432)                  $2.60

                                                  ----------------------
          Balance at June 30, 2002                      2,589,203                   $2.60
          Granted                                         230,000                   $1.36
          Exercised                                      (263,726)                  $0.16
          Cancelled                                      (985,829)                  $1.70

                                                  ----------------------
          Balance at June 30, 2003                      1,569,648                   $1.97
                                                  ======================

</TABLE>

The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding under
the 1993, 1997 and the 2002 Plans at June 30, 2003:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>    <C>                  <C>               <C>              <C>                <C>              <C>
                                                         Weighted Average
                                            Weighted        Remaining                            Weighted
     Range of              Options           Average       Contractual           Options          Average
 Exercise Prices         Outstanding     Exercise Price   Life (Years)         Exercisable     Exercise Price
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

$      0.01-1.95           767,150             $0.70          6                  752,428             $0.69
$      2.00-3.85           579,166             $2.44          9                  313,332             $2.63
$      4.00-6.63           213,332             $4.72          7                  193,888             $4.74
$          13.10            10,000            $13.10          2                   10,000            $13.10

                  -------------------                                    -------------------

                         1,569,648             $1.97                           1,269,648             $1.89
                  ===================                                    ===================
</TABLE>

     The weighted  average fair value of options granted during the fiscal years
June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001 whose exercise price equals the market price of the
stock  on  the  grant  date  was  $0.97,  $1.95  and  $2.30  respectively.   The
weighted-average  fair  value of options  granted in fiscal  years 2003 and 2002

                                       45
<PAGE>

                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001

whose  exercise price was less than the market price of the stock on the date of
grant was $1.34 and $2.03, respectively.  For fiscal year 2001, all options were
granted with exercise prices equal to the market price on the date of grant.

     At June 30, 2002 and 2001 the number and weighted average exercise price of
options   exercisable   were   1,393,284   and  $1.69  and  745,022  and  $1.88,
respectively.

     In addition to options  granted  pursuant to the 1993, 1997 and 2002 Plans,
the Company has granted options outside of these plans. In fiscal year 1994, the
Company granted to its former Chief Executive Officer and director stock options
to purchase  400,000 shares of common stock  exercisable at $0.10 per share.  Of
these options,  370,000 remain  outstanding  and are fully vested as of June 30,
2003. These options expire on August 10, 2003.

     During fiscal year 2000, in accordance  with an employment  agreement,  the
Company granted the Chief Executive Officer stock options to purchase  7,000,000
shares  of  common  stock at $3.00  per  share,  the  fair  market  value of the
Company's common stock on the date of grant. Subject to acceleration events, the
options vest  ratably over 5 years and expire on April 14, 2010.  As of June 30,
2003,   4,200,000  options  have  vested,  and  7,000,000  remain   outstanding.
Subsequent  to June 30, 2003,  Mr.  McCormick  resigned as the  Company's  Chief
Executive Officer.  As a result of his resignation,  Mr. McCormick's  employment
agreement was  terminated.  Pursuant to the terms of the option  agreement,  all
7,000,000 options immediately vested and are exercisable.

     Also, on August 1, 2000,  Mr.  Cameron  entered into an agreement  with the
Company's Chief Executive Officer to grant him the option to purchase  6,000,000
shares of the  Company's  common stock from Mr.  Cameron at a purchase  price of
$3.625 per share,  the fair market value of the Company's stock on that date. As
of  June  30,  2003,  these  options  are  fully  vested  and  6,000,000  remain
outstanding.  Subsequent to June 30, 2003, this option grant  agreement  between
Mr. Cameron and Mr.  McCormick was cancelled,  reverting full ownership of these
shares back to Mr. Cameron.

     On January 25,  2003,  the Board of  Directors  approved  the issuance of a
non-qualified option grant to Mr. Jeffrey S. McCormick, Chief Executive Officer,
to purchase up to  4,000,000  shares of common  stock at the  exercise  price of
$1.25 per share.  The  effective  date of the option grant was November 7, 2002.
Subject to  acceleration  events,  the option grant was to vest over a four-year
period,  commencing  with the  vesting of the first  1,000,000  shares of common
stock on January 31, 2003.  No  compensation  expense was recorded in connection
with this option grant, as the exercise price was greater than the fair value of
the common stock at the option grant date.  Subsequent to the June 30, 2003, Mr.
McCormick's  employment  agreement was terminated  because of his resignation as
the  Company's  Chief  Executive  Officer.  Pursuant  to the terms of the option
agreement, all 4,000,000 options immediately vested and are exercisable.

     Non-cash  stock based  compensation  expense was  $359,222  for fiscal year
2003,  $787,611 for fiscal year 2002 and $19,831,036 for fiscal year 2001. Costs
incurred in fiscal 2003 primarily represent $347,222 recorded for the additional
shares issued to the Company's Chairman and Chief Financial Officer.  Additional
compensation  expense of $12,000 was recorded for stock issued to Providers  for
consulting services.

                                       46
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001

Stock Reserved for Issuance

     As of June 30, 2003, the Company has reserved a total of 20,908,854  shares
of common stock pursuant to outstanding  warrants,  options,  convertible  notes
payable to  stockholders,  and future  issuance  of  options  to  employees  and
non-employee directors.


                       Common Shares Reserved for Issuance
       -------------------------------------------------------------------

       Options                                                  15,895,821
       Warrants                                                  2,990,094
       Notes (including accrued interest)                        2,022,939
                                                            ---------------


       Total                                                    20,908,854
                                                            ===============

8.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

     On July 25, 2003, we amended our  $1,000,000  convertible  note due on July
25, 2003. Under the terms of the amendment, the convertible note was extended to
the  earlier of July 22,  2005 or when we receive  $8,000,000  in debt or equity
financing.  In  consideration,  the  Company  agreed to convert  all accrued and
unpaid interest as of July 25, 2003 into 2,285,714 shares of its common stock at
a rate of $0.035 per share and to secure the convertible note with our assets.

     On August 15,  2003,  Mr.  Cameron  purchased  1,232 shares of our Series A
Preferred Stock, $6.00 par value per share, at $1,000 per share for an aggregate
sum of  $1,232,000.  The  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  provides  for a  dividend
preference of $0.50 per share if and when declared by the board of directors and
a liquidation preference of $6.00 per share. In addition, the shares of Series A
Preferred  Stock have no voting  rights,  except as required by law, and are not
convertible into any other securities.

     On August 15, 2003,  Mr. Cameron  assigned to Mr. Baron,  our new chairman,
all of his  interest  to the  promissory  notes  payable  by the  Company in the
aggregate principal amount of $2,873,694 along with $283,195 in accrued Series D
Preferred Stock dividends owed by the Company.  On September 18, 2003, Mr. Baron
forgave all of the  obligations  owed by the Company under the promissory  notes
including the accrued and unpaid  interest along with $283,195 in accrued Series
D Preferred Stock dividends.

     On August 15, 2003, Mr. Cameron,  McCormick ATEK Investments LLC, an entity
controlled by Mr. McCormick,  and the Company mutually agreed, without value, to
cancel the option  requiring Mr. Cameron to sell 6,000,000  shares of our common
stock owned by Mr.  Cameron to  McCormick  ATEK  Investment  LLC at the purchase
price of $3.625 per share.

     On  September  19, 2003,  we reached an  agreement  with The Negri Trust to
convert  $2,344,704  of the  outstanding  principal  and all  accrued and unpaid
interest as of that date under  convertible  notes into 3,086,043  shares of our
common stock.

                                       47
<PAGE>
                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001


9.  QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)

     The following table presents the Company's unaudited quarterly statement of
operations  data for the four  quarters  of fiscal  2003 and  fiscal  2002.  The
Company  believes that this  information  has been prepared on the same basis as
its  audited   consolidated   financial   statements   and  that  all  necessary
adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, have been included
to present fairly the selected quarterly  information.  The Company's  quarterly
results of operations for these periods are not necessarily indicative of future
results of operations.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                       <C>                   <C>                <C>                    <C>
                                                                                          2003
                                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       September 30         December 31           March 31             June 30
                                                       ------------         -----------           --------             -------
Healthcare Exchange revenue                          $     776,560        $     877,993      $     829,011         $     509,560
Healthcare Exchange gross profit                           232,858              235,606            231,449                27,234
Selling, marketing and product development costs        (1,397,306)          (1,507,974)          (822,523)             (532,177)
General and administrative expenses                       (509,015)            (945,417)          (546,603)             (478,230)
Loss from operations                                    (1,673,463)          (2,217,785)        (1,137,677)             (983,173)
Total other expense                                       (213,343)            (496,095)          (466,197)             (477,448)
Net loss                                                (1,886,806)          (2,713,880)        (1,603,874)           (1,460,621)
Net loss applicable to common stockholders              (1,886,806)          (2,713,880)        (1,603,874)           (1,460,621)
Basic and diluted net loss per share                 $       (0.03)       $       (0.04)     $       (0.02)       $        (0.02)
Shares used in per share calculation                    61,016,315           66,053,573         66,789,339            66,895,806
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                                         2002
                                                     ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      September 30         December 31           March 31             June 30
                                                      ------------         -----------           --------             -------
Healthcare Exchange revenue                         $     108,218        $     253,876       $     430,308         $     850,163
Healthcare Exchange gross profit loss                    (116,570)             (96,337)             28,779               363,176
Selling, marketing and product development costs       (1,505,195)          (1,546,462)         (1,852,186)           (2,172,714)
General and administrative expenses                      (505,834)            (600,045)           (673,076)             (703,317)
Loss from operations                                   (2,127,599)          (2,242,844)         (2,496,483)           (2,512,855)
Total other expense                                      (106,384)            (105,364)           (110,929)             (113,447)
Net loss                                               (2,233,983)          (2,348,208)         (2,607,412)           (2,626,302)
Net loss applicable to common stockholders             (2,233,983)          (2,348,208)         (2,607,412)           (2,626,302)
Basic and diluted net loss per share                $       (0.04)       $       (0.04)      $       (0.04)       $        (0.04)
Shares used in per share calculation                   59,401,860           59,421,866          61,261,644            60,945,581
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                                       48

<PAGE>



Item 9.  Changes  in  and  Disagreements  with  Accountants  on  Accounting  and
         Financial Disclosure

         Not applicable.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

     a. We  carried  out an  evaluation,  under  the  supervision  and  with the
participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief
financial  officer,  of the  effectiveness  of the design and  operation  of our
disclosure  controls and  procedures as of the end of our fourth fiscal  quarter
pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b).  Based upon that evaluation,  our chief
executive  officer and chief  financial  officer  concluded  that our disclosure
controls  and  procedures  are  effective  in timely  alerting  them to material
information  relating to the Company  (including its consolidated  subsidiaries)
required to be included in our periodic SEC filings.

     b.  There  have been no  changes in our  internal  control  over  financial
reporting  identified in connection with our evaluation that occurred during our
fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.


PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Company

     The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the
information contained in the section captioned "Election of Directors", "Further
Information  concerning the Board of Directors" and "Section 16 (a) Information"
in our Proxy Statement.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

     The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the
information  contained in the section captioned "Principal  Stockholders" in our
Proxy Statement.

Item 12.  Security  Ownership of Certain  Beneficial  Owners and  Management and
          Related Stockholder Matters

     The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the
information  contained in the section Captioned "Principal  Stockholders" in our
Proxy Statement.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

     The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the
information  contained  in the  section  captioned  "Certain  Relationships  and
Related Transactions" in the Proxy Statement.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

     Pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-8183 (as corrected by Release No. 33-8183A),
the  disclosure  requirements  of this Item are not  effective  until the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the first fiscal year ending after December 15, 2003.

                                       49
<PAGE>

PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

a.   Financial Statements

     1.   Financial Statements - See Index to Financial Statements at page 25 of
          this Form 10-K.

     2.   Financial  Statement  Schedules - No Financial Statement Schedules are
          required.

     3.   Exhibits -- See Exhibit Index at page 50 of this Form 10-K.

b.   Reports on Form 8-K:

     Date of Report      Item(s)     Description
     July 3, 2003        5           Announcing the resignations and appointment
                                     of our officers and directors

c.   Exhibits:

     Exhibit
     Number     Description of Document

     3.1  Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant  (incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration  Statement
          on Form S-18, Reg. No. 33-48666).

     3.2  Amendment  to Second  Amended and  Restated  Bylaws of the  Registrant
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the  Registrant's  Annual
          Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

     3.3  Amended and Restated  Certificate of  Incorporation  of the Registrant
          (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  3.3 of Form  10-KSB for the
          fiscal year ended June 30, 1997).

     3.4  Certificate  of  Designation  for  Series  A  Preferred  Stock,  filed
          herewith.

     4.1  Amended and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  Registrant,
          including Certificates of Designation with respect to Series A, Series
          B,  Series C, Series D, and Series E Preferred  Stock,  including  any
          amendments  thereto  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.1 to
          Registration Statement on Form S-3, Reg. No. 33-86962).

     10.1 Form of  Director  and  Executive  Officer  Indemnification  Agreement
          (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Registration  Statement
          on Form S-18, Reg. No. 33-48666).

   10.11+ 1993 Stock Option/Stock  Issuance Plan (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.47 to Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

   10.12+ Stock  Option  Agreement,   dated  August  11,  1993,  between  the
          Registrant  and Russell J.  Harrison  (incorporated  by  reference  to
          Exhibit 10.51 to Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

                                       50
<PAGE>

   10.18  Note Payable  between the  Registrant and the Negri  Foundation  dated
          December 24, 1996  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to Form
          10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

   10.19  Note Payable  between the  Registrant and the Negri  Foundation  dated
          December 31, 1996  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to Form
          10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

   10.20  Note  Payable  between  the  Registrant  and the Max Negri Trust dated
          December 31, 1996  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to Form
          10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

   10.21  Note Payable between the Registrant and the Cameron  Foundation  dated
          December 31, 1996  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to Form
          10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

   10.22  Note Payable between the Registrant and the James W. Cameron,  Jr., as
          an individual,  dated December 31, 1996  (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.64 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

   10.23  Note Payable  between the Registrant and James W. Cameron,  Jr., as an
          individual,  dated  January 16, 1997  (incorporated  by  reference  to
          Exhibit 10.65 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

   10.24  Note Payable  between the Registrant and James W. Cameron,  Jr., as an
          individual,  dated  January 31, 1997  (incorporated  by  reference  to
          Exhibit 10.66 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

   10.25  Note Payable  between the Registrant and James W. Cameron,  Jr., as an
          individual,  dated  February 7, 1997  (incorporated  by  reference  to
          Exhibit 10.67 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

   10.29  Note Payable  between the Registrant and James W. Cameron,  Jr., dated
          April 21, 1997  (incorporated  by reference  to Exhibit  10.29 to Form
          10-KSB for the year ended June 30, 1997).

   10.33+ Alternative  Technology  Resources,  Inc.  1997 Stock  Option  Plan
          (incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.33 to Form 10-KSB for the
          year ended June 30, 1998).

   10.34  Memorandum  regarding  rent  reduction on that Lease  between James W.
          Cameron, Jr., and the Registrant, dated July 15, 1998 (incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit  10.34 to Form 10-KSB for the year ended June 30,
          1998).

   10.35  Fourth  Addendum  to Lease  between  James W.  Cameron,  Jr.,  and the
          Registrant,  effective  January 1, 1999  (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.35 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 1999).

                                       51
<PAGE>

   10.36  Fifth  Addendum  to Lease  between  James  W.  Cameron,  Jr.,  and the
          Registrant,  effective  January 1, 2000  (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.36 to Form 10-KSB for the year ended June 30, 2000).

   10.37  Healtheon   Customer   Agreement    effective   September   16,   1999
          (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Form 10-K for the year
          ended June 30, 2001).

   10.38  Employment   Agreement  with  Jeffrey   McCormick.   (Incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Form 10-K for year end June 30, 2001.)

   10.40  Master Agreement for Computer  Software  Products and Related Services
          between   Alternative   Technology   Resources,   Inc.   and  Resource
          Information  Management  Systems,  Inc.  (incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.40 to Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31,
          2000).

   10.41  Sixth  Addendum  to Lease  between  James  W.  Cameron,  Jr.,  and the
          Registrant, effective July 1, 2003, filed herewith.

   10.42  Forgiveness  of Debt and Accrued  Series D Preferred  Stock  Dividend,
          filed herewith.

   23.1   Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors

   31.1   Certification of Principal Executive Officer, filed herewith

   31.2   Certification of Principal Financial Officer, filed herewith

   32.1   Certification of Chief Executive  Officer and Chief Financial  Officer
          pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
          of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith.

   +      Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

Financial Statement Schedules

     All  schedules  have been omitted  because they are not required or are not
applicable or the required  information is shown in the financial  statements or
related notes


                                       52
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES


     Pursuant  to the  requirements  of  Section  13 or 15(d) of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


Dated: September 26, 2003                 ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.





                                       By /s/ Mark W. Rieger
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Mark W. Rieger.
                                          Chief Executive Officer and
                                          Chief Financial Officer


     Pursuant to the  requirements of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934, this
report  has  been  signed  below  by the  following  persons  on  behalf  of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


Signature                           Title                     Date
---------                           -----                     ----


/s/ Alan Baron                      Chairman of the Board,    September 26, 2003
------------------------------      Director
Alan Baron



/s/ Edward L. Lammerding            Director                  September 26, 2003
-------------------------------
Edward L. Lammerding



/s/ Jeffrey S. McCormick            Director                  September 26, 2003
-------------------------------
Jeffrey S. McCormick



/s/ Mark W. Rieger                  Director                  September 26, 2003
-------------------------------
Mark W. Rieger



                                       53



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
