<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>0001.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    Form 10-K
     (Mark One)
[X]  ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  SECURITIES  EXCHANGE ACT OF
     1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2000

[ ]  TRANSITION  REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  SECURITIES  EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to ____

                         Commission file number 0-20468
                     ----------------------------------------
                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.

               (Exact name of issuer as specified in its charter)

            Delaware                                     68-0195770
   ----------------------------------                --------------------
   (State or other jurisdiction                        (IRS Employer
   of incorporation or organization)                 Identification No.)

                       629 J Street, Sacramento, CA 95814
          ------------------------------------------------------------
          (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

                                 (916) 231-0400
                -------------------------------------------------
                (Issuer's telephone number, including area code)

             Securities registered under Section 12 (b) of the Act:

          Title of Each Class Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
                                      None

          -----------------------------------------------------------------

              Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act:
                     Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No__

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

State issuer's revenue for its most recent fiscal year:   $2,566,554

Aggregate  market  value  of  the  Registrant's  common  voting  stock  held  by
non-affiliates of the Registrant on September 11, 2000 was $51,103,891 (based on
the final trading price on that date).

Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at September 11, 2000:  59,248,411

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Company's  definitive  Proxy Statement for the Company's  Annual
Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III.  The Proxy
Statement will be filed within 120 days of the Company's fiscal year end.

                      Exhibit index is located on page 25.


<PAGE>2

                                     PART I

Item 1.  Business

General

     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc. was founded as 3Net Systems, Inc. in
1989 to develop and sell medical laboratory  information  systems.  In 1996, the
Company  began to focus on the  business of  recruiting,  hiring,  training  and
placing foreign computer  programmers  with U.S.  companies and soon changed its
name to  Alternative  Technology  Resources,  Inc.,  hereinafter  referred to as
"ATR", the "Company" or "we" or "us".

     In August 1999, James W. Cameron, Jr., ATR's largest stockholder, was named
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Under his direction the Company identified
what it believes to be a significant business opportunity and began developing a
business  model  involving  the   establishment  of  an  Internet  Exchange  for
healthcare services under the name "DoctorAndPatient." In line with its business
strategy  to focus on the  establishment  of an Internet  Exchange,  the Company
suspended recruitment for the contract programming division in December 1999 and
is pursuing the  conversion  of computer  programmers  to become the  customers'
employees.

     In February 2000,  Jeffrey S. McCormick assumed the position of ATR's Chief
Executive  Officer.  Mr.  McCormick  has  significant  experience  in financing,
managing and growing early stage development companies as a managing director of
Boston-based  Saturn  Asset  Management,  Inc.  Mr.  McCormick  has served as an
advisor or director of several Internet and electronic  commerce  companies over
the last six years.  As ATR's CEO, Mr.  McCormick  will be  responsible  for all
phases of development,  implementation and operation of ATR's Internet Exchange.
Mr. Cameron still acts as Chairman and expects to continue to play an active and
substantial role in formulating ATR's business strategy and policy.  Mr. Cameron
and Mr.  McCormick  have focused ATR on using the  experience of the  management
team in  health  care and  information  technology  to  establish  the  Internet
Exchange.  The  development  of this business has become the  Company's  primary
focus.

     In September 1999, ATR entered into an agreement with Healtheon/WebMD Corp.
to  develop a  web-based  portal  through  which  under  insured  and  uninsured
healthcare  consumers can register to use ATR's  Internet  Exchange,  when it is
developed,  through the use of the WebMD consumer portal. Through this portal, a
Patient,  as defined  below,  will be able to view  Provider,  as defined below,
offerings and search detailed profile information for Providers that meet his or
her particular needs and preferences.

Services

     At present, ATR is in the early stages of developing the Internet Exchange,
currently recruiting medical doctors, medical groups, hospitals and other health
care  practitioners  (collectively,  "Providers") to offer their services,  on a
non-exclusive  basis,  to individuals  and others who purchase or facilitate the
purchase of health care  services  ("Purchasers").  The purpose of the  Internet
Exchange  is  to  utilize  the  Internet  and  other   technologies  to  provide
administrative,  billing  and  re-pricing  services,  as  well as a  direct  and
efficient connection between Providers and Purchasers.

     ATR will not provide health care services,  but rather expects to act as an
intermediary  between  Providers and  Purchasers  that should  benefit both. ATR
believes that  eliminating  the costs  associated with  traditional  "bricks and
mortar"  operations,   creating  economies  of  scale,  facilitating  access  to
Providers and Purchasers,  streamlining overhead costs, exploiting possibilities

<PAGE>3


for functional  integration,  reducing errors and speeding the payment of claims
should allow  Purchasers  to pay less and Providers to recover more of what they
bill.

Overview of the Industry

         According to the Healthcare Financing Administration ("HCFA"), in 1998,
health care in the United States was a $1.149  trillion  dollar  industry  which
accounted for  approximately  13.5% of gross domestic  product.  The industry is
characterized by extremely complex  decision-making,  high  fragmentation,  high
barriers to entry,  rising  costs and slow  adoption and  incorporation  of many
information technologies.  The health care industry's poor rate of investment in
technological  innovation  has  created a system  rampant  with  inefficiencies.
According to the Health Data Directory,  less than 39% of private sector billing
claims (including commercial,  indemnity,  PPO and HMO claims) were automated in
1999.  Even those that are automated  often have  processing  delays  because of
myriad reasons,  including  improper  coding of information,  inaccurate data on
patients  and  improper  eligibility  information.  Waste  in  the  acquisition,
delivery  and  processing  of billing and payment for health  services  has been
widely reported and  documented.  Our Internet  Exchange has initially  targeted
gaps and  inefficiencies  in the  purchasing  process  and in billing and claims
processing systems as creating a key business opportunity.

         In its simplest  form,  health care requires the demand for services by
individuals ("Patients") and the supply of services by Providers,  which include
medical doctors, hospitals,  physical therapists and other health practitioners.
Providers  often  form  groups and  practice  associations.  Purchasers  include
Patients and various forms of third-parties, such as HMO's, insurance companies,
Medicare,  Medicaid and self-insured employers,  that act as purchaser and payor
for services provided to Patients (collectively, "Third-Party Payors").

         In most (but far from all) instances, Patients are a member of a health
services  purchasing group or pool commonly offered by Third-Party  Payors.  The
members'  health  coverage is  described  in a plan that spells out what care is
fully,  partially or not  covered,  rules  relating to payment and  deductibles,
selection of Providers, use of specialists, required permissions, exclusions and
so on. In these circumstances, Patients rarely pay Providers directly except for
co-payments and deductibles that represent only a fraction of the total bill.

         Third-Party Payors pay Providers  generally after  considerable  delay.
Provider  bills are reviewed by Purchasers  and their managed care  companies to
verify Patient's eligibility,  plan group membership,  compliance with treatment
and billing format and rules,  and other plan  provisions.  The Provider's  bill
often is adjusted for violations  and errors.  Providers,  like their  Patients,
often do not  understand  many  health  plans and may accept  incorrect  payment
lowered by reductions they do not understand.

         There   are   a   large   number   of    variations    of   the   above
Patient-Provider-Third-Party  Payor  relationship  - such as HMOs,  PPOs,  EPOs,
Medicare,  Medicare  enrolled  HMOs,  Medicaid  -  all  of  which  involve  some
combination or redistribution of some of the functions described.

         In a cash model, the Patient will pay the Provider  directly.  For many
Americans,  this simple cash model is the only one  possible  for all or much of
their care. In many cases, these individuals may have the financial  wherewithal
to pay for many health services.  However,  Providers  generally do not have the
time, inclination or capability to seek out these cash Patients.

<PAGE>4


Business Description

         Through our  Internet  Exchange,  ATR intends to take  advantage of the
many capabilities of the Internet and other modern information  technology tools
to connect  Providers  directly  with Patients and other  Purchasers.  One major
objective will be to eliminate confusion and all but the essential and efficient
use of third parties.

         Relationship to the Provider

         ATR is  developing  the  Internet  Exchange  for  contracted  Providers
(including  Provider  groups)  to  market  their  services  to  Purchasers  more
efficiently.  In addition,  the Company believes eliminating costs and delays in
the billing process should allow Providers to recover more of what they bill. In
the United  States,  there are  approximately  750,000  medical  doctors,  6,000
hospitals,   539,000  licensed  ancillary   Providers  (such  as  chiropractors,
optometrists,   physical  therapists  and  physician   assistants)  and  various
suppliers  (such  as  pharmacies,   durable  medical  equipment  suppliers,  and
transportation).  ATR is currently marketing to and entering into contracts with
Providers.  A transaction  processing  fee will be added to bills  received from
Providers and routed to Purchasers or their intermediaries.

         Each Provider will be  responsible  for keeping  information  about its
services on ATR's Internet Exchange up to date.

         Relationship to Third-Party Payors

         ATR  intends to  integrate  the  Internet  Exchange  with  bill-pricing
software so as to add efficiencies to the purchasing and processing function. We
will  make  these  additional  services  available  to  Third-Party  Payors on a
contractual basis.  Third-Party Payors will contract with us in order to receive
Providers'  offered rates,  and in order to lower their costs by receiving bills
electronically  and  pre-priced.  The  goal  of  this  system  is  to  introduce
additional cost certainty and to streamline the billing and payment process.  We
will receive a fee for transactions on our Internet Exchange. Third-Party Payors
will be contractually  required to pay timely and according to the review on our
Internet  Exchange  in order to  receive  the  benefit  of  reduced  rates  from
Providers.  However,  we have not yet reached the critical  mass of Providers we
believe  will  be  required  to  commence   entering   into  these   contractual
relationships with Third-Party Payors.

         The revenue  models for  Third-Party  Payors will vary depending on the
nature of the Payor and on our negotiated contractual arrangements.

         Relationship to Individual Uninsured and Under Insured Purchasers

         According to a 1998 U.S. Census Bureau  Estimate,  in the United States
today, more than 44.3 million people have no medical plan or insurance coverage.
Many more have no or  inadequate  coverage for anything but  catastrophic  care,
being mainly  without  coverage for  anything but a medical  disaster  requiring
hospitalization.  Almost no plan  exists  that does not  exclude  many  types of
treatment.  Our Internet Exchange is being developed to facilitate the provision
of health  services by  Providers at favorable  rates to  interested  individual
uninsured or under insured Patients.

         In September  1999, ATR entered into an agreement with  Healtheon/WebMD
Corp. to develop a web-based  portal  through which  Patients can procure health
services. Through this portal, a Patient will be able to view Provider offerings
and search  detailed  profile  information  for  Providers  that meet his or her
particular needs and preferences.

<PAGE>5


         Patients will pay us a fee for access to Providers.  We will notify the
Providers and forward information obtained from the individual. The Provider and
Patient will thus be connected and can make  arrangements for care on a schedule
that suits them.

Competition

         ATR's  Internet  Exchange  will  compete  with  established   preferred
provider  organizations,  integrated delivery systems and health plans and other
companies   offering   "discount  plans"  to  potential   customers,   including
established  and  new  Internet   companies.   These  industries  are  intensely
competitive and rapidly evolving.

         Increased competition in the industry could result in price reductions,
reduced gross margins or loss of market share which could  seriously  harm ATR's
business and operating  results.  ATR's success depends on the ability to market
the Internet  Exchange to  potential  Providers  and third party and  individual
Payors and their agents. ATR believes that the principal  competitive factors in
this market are health and managed care expertise, data integration and transfer
technology,   ability  to  persuade  Providers  and  Purchasers  to  accept  new
technology and new models,  customer service and support and product and service
fees. Competition is expected to increase in the future.

         As a new  participant  in the health  care  industry,  ATR's  potential
competitors have longer operating  histories,  significantly  greater financial,
technical,   marketing  and  other  resources  and  significantly  greater  name
recognition.  In  addition,  many of  ATR's  competitors  have  well-established
relationships  with ATR's  current and potential  customers  and have  extensive
knowledge of the industry. Current and potential competitors have established or
may establish strategic  relationships among themselves or with third parties to
increase  the ability of their  products  and  services to address  Payor needs.
These  competitors may seek and obtain business method patents on portions of or
all their operations,  which could effectively  preclude ATR from competing with
the most efficient model. Also, other companies may implement a similar Internet
strategy.  Accordingly,  it is possible that new  competitors or alliances among
competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share.

Government Regulation

         The Company's operations are subject to various federal and state laws.
ATR believes that its operations  currently comply with such laws, but there can
be no assurance that subsequent  laws, or subsequent  changes in current laws or
legal interpretations, will not adversely affect the Company's operations.

         The  confidentiality  of  patient  records  and  claims  data  and  the
circumstances  under  which  records and data may be released or must be secured
for  inclusion in ATR's  databases may be subject to  substantial  regulation by
state  governments.  These state laws govern both the  disclosure and the use of
confidential  patient  medical  records.  Although  compliance  with  these laws
currently is principally the responsibility of Providers and health plans, these
regulations  may be extended to cover the business and the claims data and other
information that are included in ATR's databases.  If these laws are extended to
cover ATR's business, the Company may be required to expend additional resources
in order to comply with these laws,  including changes to the Company's security
practices,  and may be exposed to greater  liability  in the event of failure to
comply with these laws.

         The  Health  Insurance  Portability  and  Accountability  Act  of  1996
("HIPAA")   mandates  the  use  by  health   plans  of  standard   transactions,
identifiers, security and other provisions. ATR plans to design its products and
services to comply with HIPAA, but any change in federal standards would require
ATR to expend additional  resources.  Finally,  the Federal Trade Commission has

<PAGE>6


become very active in  investigating  privacy issues on the Internet  within its
jurisdiction over unfair and deceptive trade practices.

         The  offering  of health  provider  services  is subject  to  extensive
regulation  under state laws.  Under some state  laws,  regulators  may take the
position  that a  registration  fee for customer  access to favorable  fees from
Providers  requires  meeting the  requirements for licensing as a health plan or
health  insurer.  In  addition,  to the extent that fees are paid by  Providers,
state regulators could assert that ATR's Internet Exchange is a referral agency,
which  requires  licensing  under many state laws, or that  Providers are paying
prohibited  referral  fees,  which could subject the Provider or ATR to civil or
criminal penalties. In addition, ATR's relationships with Third-Party Payors may
require licensing or certifications in some states.  Also, although ATR does not
currently  anticipate  entering the Medicare or state Medicaid markets,  similar
federal regulations could adversely impact the business.  Because the e-commerce
business is  relatively  new to the  provider  network  industry,  the impact of
current or future regulations is difficult to anticipate.

         In November  1999, the California  Department of  Corporations,  Health
Enforcement  Division,  announced that it is taking  enforcement  action against
discount  health  benefit card plans  conducting  operations  in  California  in
violation of the Health Care  Service  Plan Act of 1975 (the "HCSP Act").  If it
determines that a particular plan falls under its  jurisdiction,  the Department
can issue a cease and  desist  order to  require  the plan to halt its  unlawful
practices,  violations  of which can lead to monetary  penalties.  In October of
last  year,  the  Department  issued ATR a subpoena  with  respect to  documents
relating to ATR's relationship with  Healtheon/WebMD  Corp. and the potential of
being a health care service plan under the  Department's  jurisdiction.  ATR has
responded to this subpoena.  While ATR does not believe its Internet Exchange is
within  the  scope of the HCSP Act,  the  Department  may  continue  to  require
compliance with the HCSP Act, which would require  substantial  changes in ATR's
business  model.  Legislation  is being proposed in California to impose minimal
licensing  requirements  on discount  plans.  ATR cannot  predict  whether  this
legislation  will  pass or  whether  it will  ultimately  apply  to ATR.  As ATR
develops a business plan,  compliance with or prohibitions by state  regulations
could  delay or  eliminate  certain  aspects of ATR's  business  or force ATR to
modify its business,  which could have a material  adverse impact ATR's business
and prospects.

         In connection  with its program placing  foreign  computer  programmers
into U.S.  companies,  the Company must comply with the laws and  regulations of
the U.S.  Immigration  and  Naturalization  Service  (INS).  ATR has engaged the
services  of a  business  immigration  lawyer  to  assist  in the  filing of all
appropriate  documents necessary to comply with INS requirements.  While ATR and
its immigration lawyer are very familiar with the current rules and regulations,
there can be no assurance  that the  immigration  laws of the United States will
not be changed  resulting  in a  potentially  negative  effect on the  Company's
ability  to  convert  the  remaining   programming  employees  to  end  customer
employees.

Year 2000 Issues

         The Company has not  incurred  and does not  anticipate  incurring  any
significant operating expenses related to year 2000 issues.

Human Resources

         At August 31,  2000,  the Company had 51  employees,  consisting  of 22
employees  located  at the  Company's  headquarters  in  Sacramento,  10 foreign
computer programmer employees located at customer locations, and 19 employees in
satellite  offices in 15 states,  including  California.  This includes Provider

<PAGE>7


Development staff of 29 that is recruiting  medical providers for contracting in
35 markets in 27 states for the Internet Exchange.

Insurance

         The annual coverage limits for the Company's general premises liability
and workers'  compensation  insurance  policies  are  $2,000,000  for  liability
insurance  policies and  $1,000,000  for workers'  compensation.  ATR also has a
$1,000,000 policy for errors and omissions  insurance.  Management believes such
limits  are  adequate  for the  Company's  business;  however,  there  can be no
assurance that potential claims will not exceed the limits on these policies.

RISK FACTORS

         An  investment  in our common  stock  involves  considerable  risk.  In
addition to the other  information  contained in this annual report,  you should
carefully  consider the  following  factors in  evaluating  an investment in the
Company.  This annual report  contains  forward-looking  statements that involve
risks and  uncertainties.  Our actual  results will differ  materially  from the
results discussed in such forward-looking  statements.  Factors that might cause
such a  difference  includes  those  discussed  below.  Note that this is not an
all-inclusive list of the risks to which we are subject.

We only  have a  limited  operating  history  in the  health  care and  Internet
industries that investors may use to assess our future prospects.

         Although we have been an operating  company in the computer  programmer
recruiting  and placement  industry for several  years,  we only recently  began
operating in the Internet and health care industries.  We have not and may never
generate  sufficient  revenues to achieve  profitability in this new venture. We
have  limited  experience  addressing   challenges  frequently   encountered  by
early-stage  companies in the  electronic  commerce and health care  industries.
Accordingly,  our limited  operating  history does not provide  investors with a
meaningful basis for evaluating an investment in us.

         The  likelihood  of our  success  must be  considered  in  light of the
potential problems, expenses, difficulties,  complications and delays frequently
encountered  in connection  with any  enterprise  starting a new business with a
completely new business plan,  particularly in new and rapidly  evolving markets
such as the Internet. Such risks include an evolving, untested and unpredictable
business  model,  the creation of brand  identity,  the expansion or creation of
competing  services,  the uncertainty of the acceptance of the marketing  medium
and the management of anticipated growth.

Our current  operations  are not profitable and we have a history of significant
losses.

         We have experienced losses since our inception. Our net loss applicable
to common stockholders for the years ended June 30, 2000 and 1999 was $4,938,141
and $839,247.  We are  currently  winding down the  operations  that resulted in
previous  operating  losses.  However,  there is no assurance we can develop our
Internet Exchange into a profitable and sustainable business.

We may not be able to obtain additional financing.

         Although  there can be no assurance,  we believe that the proceeds from
our recently  completed offering of common stock in August 2000 and extension of
due dates on Notes  payable  to  stockholders  to  December  31,  2001,  will be

<PAGE>8

sufficient  for us to develop our  proposed  Internet  Exchange and continue our
normal operations until at least June 2001. We may require additional  financing
to meet our capital  needs and pursue our business  strategy if our costs exceed
projections.  Additional  financing,  if available,  may come through  incurring
indebtedness,   mortgage  financing  or  additional   issuances  of  securities,
including  securities  that may have  rights  senior to our  common  stock.  Any
failure to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms will have a material,
adverse affect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

         We  may  borrow  from  lenders  in the  future  or we  may  issue  debt
securities in public or private offerings. Any adverse economic conditions could
result in higher interest rates on variable rate debt,  which could decrease our
cash available for operations.

Our revenue  growth  depends on industry  acceptance of our health care products
and services.

         The time,  expense and effort of securing  customers  and Providers may
exceed our  expectations  and may harm our business and operating  results.  The
decision  to  implement  our  products  and  services  requires   time-intensive
education of both our  suppliers  (medical  providers)  and our customers of the
advantages of our products and services. The failure of industry participants to
accept our services and products as a  replacement  for  traditional  methods of
operations  could  limit  our  revenue  growth.   We,  therefore,   will  devote
significant  resources  and incur costs without any  assurance  that  sufficient
medical  providers  will join our  network or that  prospective  customers  will
purchase our products or services. In the event that customers will not purchase
our products or services,  we may have incurred substantial costs that cannot be
recovered and which will not result in future revenues.

Our future  revenue  growth depends upon our  establishment  and  maintenance of
successful  relationships  with  Providers  and  strategic  partners in order to
attract customers to our products and services.

         We believe  that our  future  revenue  growth  depends in part upon the
successful  creation and maintenance of relationships with Providers,  customers
and strategic partners.

         As of June 30, 2000,  we have  established  relationships  with a small
number of the  Providers  we are  targeting.  In order to  successfully  attract
Purchasers,  we will have to have a large number of relationships with Providers
with diverse  practices and over broad  geographic  areas. We may not be able to
adequately  develop  relationships  with the number of  Providers  necessary  to
achieve  this type of coverage and those  already  existing  relationships  with
Providers may not be ultimately successful.

         As  of  June  30,  2000,  we  have   established   only  one  strategic
relationship,  which is with  Healtheon/WebMD  Corp. This  relationship is in an
early stage of development  and is  nonexclusive.  We may enter into  additional
strategic  relationships in the future.  Healtheon/WebMD Corp. and any potential
strategic partner may offer products or services of several different companies,
including  products  and  services  that  compete with our products or services.
Healtheon/WebMD  Corp. and any potential  strategic partner may be influenced by
our  competitors  to scale back or end their  relationships  with us. We may not
establish  additional  strategic  relationships,  and  any  relationships  we do
establish ultimately may be unsuccessful.  Healtheon/WebMD  Corp. and any future
strategic partner may not devote adequate  resources to selling our products and
services.

         If we are unable to  establish  and maintain  successful  relationships
with Providers or strategic partners,  we may have to devote  substantially more
resources to the sales and marketing of our products and services.

<PAGE>9


The failure of our  Providers to provide high quality  services to our customers
will  diminish our brand value and the number of customers  who use our services
may decline.

         Promotion  of our brand  value  depends on our  ability to provide  our
customers a high quality experience for finding  Providers.  If our Providers do
not provide our  customers  with high  quality  service,  the value of our brand
could be damaged and the number of customers  using our  services may  decrease.
The  failure  by our  Providers  to  provide  the level of health  care that our
customers will expect will result in low satisfaction, damage our brand name and
could  materially and adversely  affect our business,  results of operations and
financial condition.

We face competition from a variety of sources.

         We will  compete with  established  preferred  provider  organizations,
integrated  delivery  systems  and  health  plans and other  companies  offering
"discount plans" to potential customers,  including established and new Internet
companies. These industries are intensely competitive and rapidly evolving.

         Increased competition in our industry could result in price reductions,
reduced  gross  margins or loss of market share which could  seriously  harm our
business and operating results. Our success depends on our ability to market our
exchange to potential  Providers and third party and individual Payors and their
agents.  We believe that the  principal  competitive  factors in this market are
health and managed care expertise,  data  integration  and transfer  technology,
ability to persuade  Providers and  Purchasers to accept new  technology and new
models,  customer  service and support and product and service  fees.  We expect
competition to increase in the future.

         We are a new  participant  in the health care  industry.  Our potential
competitors have longer operating  histories,  significantly  greater financial,
technical,   marketing  and  other  resources  and  significantly  greater  name
recognition.   In  addition,  many  of  our  competitors  have  well-established
relationships  with our  current  and  potential  customers  and have  extensive
knowledge of our industry. Current and potential competitors have established or
may establish strategic  relationships among themselves or with third parties to
increase  the ability of their  products  and  services to address  Payor needs.
These  competitors may seek and obtain business method patents on portions of or
all their operations which could effectively preclude us from competing with the
most efficient  model.  Also,  other companies may implement a similar  Internet
strategy.  Accordingly,  it is possible that new  competitors or alliances among
competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share.

Failure to manage our growth  effectively  could harm our business and operating
results.

         We recently have hired a significant number of new employees, including
key  executives.  We will  continue to add  personnel to maintain our ability to
grow in the future.  We must integrate our new employees and key executives into
a cohesive  team and at the same time increase the total number of employees and
train and manage our  employee  work force in a timely and  effective  manner to
expand our business. We may not be able to do so successfully.

         Our growth  will  place  significant  strain  upon our  management  and
operational systems and resources.  We will need to hire personnel to manage our
Internet  Exchange and our Purchaser and Provider  relationships  and we may not
have the financial resources to adequately complete this expansion.

         We will need to expand our existing  information systems or acquire new
systems to meet the requirements of our future  operations.  This expansion will
be capital  intensive and we may not have the financial  resources to adequately
complete this expansion. Any expansion or replacement of our information systems

<PAGE>10


may  not be  sufficient  to meet  our  needs.  In  addition,  we may  experience
interruptions of service as we expand these systems.

We may  make  acquisitions  and  integrating  them  into our  business  could be
expensive, time consuming and may strain our resources.

         We may make  acquisitions of companies which we believe have attractive
technologies or distribution channels.  Integrating newly acquired organizations
and  technologies  into our company could be expensive,  time  consuming and may
strain our resources.  The health care industry is  consolidating  and we expect
that we will face intensified competition for acquisitions. We cannot assure you
that we will  succeed  in  consummating  any  such  strategic  relationships  or
acquisitions,  or that such  transactions  will  ultimately  provide us with the
ability to offer the services described.  In addition, we cannot assure you that
we will be able to  successfully  manage or integrate  any  resulting  business.
Consequently, we may not achieve anticipated revenue and cost benefits.

Failure to retain our key executives or attract and retain  qualified  technical
personnel could harm our business and operating results.

         Our  future   success   significantly   depends  on  the  services  and
performance of our senior management, particularly by James W. Cameron, Jr., our
Chairman of the Board and Jeffrey S. McCormick, our Chief Executive Officer. Our
future  performance  will depend on our ability to motivate and retain these and
other  executive  officers and key employees.  The loss of the services of these
managers or other  senior  management  or key  employees,  or our  inability  to
attract  additional  personnel as needed could  materially  adversely affect our
business,  financial  condition,  operating  results  and cash  flows.  While we
generally will enter into employment agreements with our key executive officers,
we may not be able to retain them.

         Qualified  personnel  are in great demand  throughout  the Internet and
health  care  industries.  Our  future  growth and our  ability  to achieve  our
financial and operational  objectives will depend in large part upon our ability
to attract and retain highly skilled technical, engineering, sales and marketing
and customer support personnel.  Our failure to attract and retain personnel may
limit the rate at which we can expand our business, including the development of
new products and services and the retention of additional customers, which could
harm our business and operating results.

Our  business  could  suffer if the  integrity of our systems and the systems of
those third parties we depend on are inadequate.

         We depend on third parties to develop much of the  information  systems
for our  Internet  Exchange.  Any failure of the systems we are  developing,  or
those of Healtheon/WebMD  Corp. or other third parties,  could harm our business
and  operating  results.  Once  implemented,  we intend that these  systems will
process vast amounts of pricing and financial  data and execute large numbers of
payment transactions. Any delay or failure in these systems or in our ability to
communicate  electronically  with  health  plans or in our  ability to  collect,
store,  analyze or process  accurately  pricing and financial data may result in
the denial of claims, or in the delay or failure to execute payment transactions
accurately. This type of denial or failure would harm our business and operating
results.

         The occurrence of a  catastrophic  event or other system failure at our
facilities,  when fully built,  could  interrupt our operations or result in the
loss or  corruption  of stored  data.  In addition,  we depend on the  efficient
operation of Internet and network  connections among our systems,  Providers and
health  plans.  These  connections  depend on the  efficient  operation  of data
exchange  tools,  Web  browsers,  Internet  service  providers  and Internet and

<PAGE>11


network  backbone  service   providers.   In  the  past,   Internet  users  have
occasionally  experienced  difficulties with Internet and online services due to
system failures.  Any disruption in Internet or network access provided by third
parties could harm our business and operating results. Further, we are dependent
on hardware suppliers for prompt delivery, installation and service of equipment
used to deliver our services.

Our  business  and  reputation  may be harmed if we are  unable to  protect  the
privacy of our confidential health information.

         Our information  systems and Internet  communications may be vulnerable
to damage from physical break-ins, computer viruses, programming errors, attacks
by  computer  hackers  and similar  disruptive  problems.  A user who is able to
access our computer or communication systems, when developed,  could gain access
to  confidential  health  information  of  individuals  or our own  confidential
information.  A  material  security  breach  could  harm  our  business  and our
reputation  or could result in liability to us.  Therefore,  it is critical that
our facilities  and  infrastructure  are secure.  The occurrence of any of these
events could  result in the  interruption,  delay or cessation of our  services,
which could harm our business or operating results.  Further, our reputation may
suffer if third parties were to obtain this information and we may be liable for
this  disclosure.  Any  effect  on our  reputation  or  any  liability  for  any
disclosure could harm our business and operating results.

Our future  revenue growth depends in part on increasing use of the Internet and
on the growth of e-commerce.

         Rapid  growth in the use of the Internet is a recent  phenomenon.  As a
result,  its acceptance and use may not continue to develop at historical  rates
and a sufficiently broad base of business customers and individual customers may
not adopt or continue to use the  Internet as a medium of  commerce.  Demand and
market  acceptance  for  recently  introduced  products  and  services  over the
Internet are subject to a high level of uncertainty,  and there exist few proven
products and services.

         Our future  profitability  depends,  in part,  upon increased Payor and
Provider demand for additional Internet and e-commerce  solutions that we are in
the process of developing or may develop in the future.

Rapidly changing technology may impair our financial performance.

         We may encounter difficulties  responding to technological changes that
could delay our  introduction of products and services and we may not be able to
respond to these  changes in a timely and  cost-effective  manner.  Our business
depends upon the use of software,  hardware,  networking and Internet technology
and systems. These technologies and systems are rapidly evolving and are subject
to rapid change and obsolescence.  As these technologies mature, we must be able
to quickly and  successfully  modify our  products and services to adapt to this
change.  We may encounter  difficulties that could delay or harm the performance
of our  products  or  services.  We may not be able to respond to  technological
changes in a timely and cost-effective  manner. In addition, our competitors may
develop technologically superior products and services. Further, data formatting
and claims  rules within a  particular  health  plan,  or within the health plan
industry  as a whole,  may  change and may  require  substantial  and  expensive
re-engineering of claims data and adjustment of the tools we use to process this
claims data.

We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights.

         We will rely on a combination of copyright,  trademark and trade secret
laws,  confidentiality  procedures  and  contractual  provisions  to protect our
intellectual property. These protections may not be sufficient,  and they do not

<PAGE>12

prevent independent third-party development of competitive products or services.
Further,  the laws of many  foreign  countries  do not protect our  intellectual
property  rights  to the  same  extent  as the  laws of the  United  States.  We
currently only have  registered the name  "DoctorAndPatient.com"  as an Internet
domain name and have not yet sought trademark protection for this name.

         We enter  into  agreements  with our  employees  giving us  proprietary
rights to certain  technology  developed by such employees while employed by us;
however,  we cannot be sure a court will enforce these agreements.  In addition,
we may be  inadequately  protected  against the use of  technology  developed by
employees who have not entered into such agreements.

         A failure or inability to protect our intellectual  property could have
a material  adverse effect on our business,  financial  condition and results of
operations.

State,  federal and local laws regarding  confidentiality and security of health
information could harm our business and operating results.

         The  confidentiality  of  patient  records  and  claims  data  and  the
circumstances  under  which  records and data may be released or must be secured
for inclusion in our databases may be subject to substantial regulation by state
governments.  These  state  laws  govern  both  the  disclosure  and  the use of
confidential  patient  medical  records.  Although  compliance  with  these laws
currently is principally the responsibility of Providers and health plans, these
regulations  may be extended to cover our business and the claims data and other
information  that we include in our  databases.  If these laws are  extended  to
cover our business,  we may be required to expend additional  resources in order
to comply with these laws, including changes to our security practices,  and may
be exposed to greater liability in the event we fail to comply with these laws.

         The  Health  Insurance  Portability  and  Accountability  Act  of  1996
("HIPAA")   mandates  the  use  by  health   plans  of  standard   transactions,
identifiers,  security and other provisions.  We plan to design our products and
services to comply with HIPAA, but any change in federal standards would require
us to expend  additional  resources.  Finally,  the Federal Trade Commission has
become very active in  investigating  privacy issues on the Internet  within its
jurisdiction over unfair and deceptive trade practices.

State laws and regulations  concerning the marketing of health provider services
over the Internet could harm our business and operating results.

         The  offering  of health  provider  services  is subject  to  extensive
regulation  under state laws.  Under some state  laws,  regulators  may take the
position  that a  registration  fee for customer  access to favorable  fees from
Providers requires us to meet the requirements for licensing as a health plan or
health  insurer.  In  addition,  to the extent that fees are paid by  Providers,
state  regulators  could  assert that our business is a referral  agency,  which
requires  licensing  under  many  state  laws,  or  that  Providers  are  paying
prohibited  referral  fees,  which could  subject the Provider or us to civil or
criminal penalties.  In addition,  our relationships with Third-Party Payors may
require us to be licensed or certified in some states.  Also, although we do not
currently  anticipate  entering the Medicare or state Medicaid markets,  similar
federal regulations could adversely impact our business.  Because the e-commerce
business is relative new to the provider network industry, the impact of current
or future regulations is difficult to anticipate.

         In November  1999, the California  Department of  Corporations,  Health
Enforcement  Division  ("Department"),  announced that it is taking  enforcement
action  against  discount  health  benefit card plans  conducting  operations in
California  in  violation of the Health Care Service Plan Act of 1975 (the "HCSP
Act"). If it determines that a particular plan falls under its jurisdiction, the

<PAGE>13


Department  can issue a cease and desist  order to require  the plan to halt its
unlawful  practices,  violations  of which can lead to  monetary  penalties.  In
October  1999,  the  Department  issued us a subpoena  with respect to documents
relating to our  relationship  with  Healtheon/WebMD  Corp. and our potential of
being a health care service plan under the  Department's  jurisdiction.  We have
responded to this  subpoena.  While we do not believe our  Internet  Exchange is
within the scope of the HCSP Act,  the  Department  may  continue to require our
compliance  with the HCSP Act,  which would require  substantial  changes in our
business  model.  Legislation  is being proposed in California to impose minimal
licensing  requirements  on  discount  plans.  We cannot  predict  whether  this
legislation  will pass or whether it will ultimately  apply to us. As we develop
our business plan,  compliance with or prohibitions by state  regulations  could
delay or  eliminate  certain  aspects of our  business or force us to modify our
business, which could have a material adverse impact our business and prospects.

Internet  commerce has yet to attract  significant  regulation,  but  government
regulations may result in administrative monetary fines, penalties or taxes that
may reduce our future earnings.

         There are currently few laws or regulations  that apply directly to the
Internet. Because our business is dependent on the Internet, the adoption of new
(or applications of existing) local,  state,  national or international  laws or
regulations  may  decrease  the growth of Internet  usage or the  acceptance  of
Internet commerce which could, in turn, decrease the demand for our services and
increase our costs or otherwise have a material  adverse effect on our business,
results of operations  and financial  condition.  For example,  the FTC began an
antitrust inquiry into an online  marketplace for auto parts,  possibly relating
to whether  there might be illegal  coordination  among  suppliers.  Because our
Internet  Exchange is an online  marketplace,  our business might be affected by
the  results  of  this  inquiry  or  other   antitrust   concerns  about  online
marketplaces involving competitors. We expect to structure our Internet Exchange
in compliance with applicable antitrust law.

         Tax  authorities  in a number of states  are  currently  reviewing  the
appropriate tax treatment of companies engaged in Internet  commerce.  New state
tax regulations may subject us to additional state sales, use and income taxes.

Other  state,  federal  and local  laws could harm our  business  and  operating
results.

         State,  federal or local laws could  harm our  business  and  operating
results by requiring  us to change the way we provide  services and increase our
cost of performing services.  Further,  these laws could restrict our ability to
develop  our  business  as we may  plan.  The  health  care  industry  is highly
regulated by federal, state and local laws. The application of existing laws, or
the  implementation  of new laws,  applicable  to our  business  could  harm our
business and operating results.

We face a risk of litigation.

         We have been involved in several significant  litigation matters in our
history.  Although  as of June  30,  2000,  we are  not  involved  in any  legal
proceedings,  no assurances can be given that additional legal  proceedings will
not be initiated against us. In addition, involvement in litigation will require
us to spend  time and pay  expenses  to  defend  ourselves,  which  will have an
adverse effect on our operations and financial condition and results. The health
care and Internet  industry  that we are  entering  into may cause us to face an
increased risk of litigation, especially if we enter the consumer market.

<PAGE>14


Our insurance may not provide adequate levels of coverage against claims.

         We may be the subject of claims which are uninsurable, such as punitive
damages,  or for  which  we  cannot  purchase  insurance.  We may not be able to
maintain  adequate  insurance to cover all insurable  claims that we may face in
the  future.  If we are the  subject  of a claim or  sustain  a loss that is not
covered by insurance, our business,  financial condition,  results of operations
and cash flow would be adversely affected.

Your investment in us may not be liquid.

         Our common stock price is volatile and could be impacted by fluctuating
results  in the future and by general  market  conditions.  Our common  stock is
quoted and traded on the OTC Bulletin Board and the public market for our common
stock has been limited,  sporadic and highly volatile.  Between July 1, 1999 and
June 30,  2000,  the closing  price of a share of our Common Stock ranged from a
low of $0.25 to a high of $10.44.  There can be no assurance  that a more active
trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained.

         Any  fluctuations  in our  operating  results  could subject the market
price of our common stock to rapid and unpredictable  change.  Our expenses will
be high and fixed in the short term and are based in part on our expectations of
future revenues, which may vary significantly and depend significantly on market
acceptance of our product and the Internet in general for locating Providers and
for  purchasing  health care  services.  If we do not achieve  expected  revenue
targets,  we may be unable to reduce our spending  quickly  enough to offset any
revenue shortfall which could harm our business and operating results.  Further,
any  decision  by a  customer  to cancel  our  services  may  cause  significant
variations  in  operating  results in a  particular  quarter and could result in
losses for that quarter.  As we secure larger  customers,  any  cancellation  of
services by a larger  customer  likely  would result in larger  fluctuations  in
operating results than historically experienced.

         Other factors that may cause these fluctuations include:

o    the number and nature of new customers of health care services;
o    costs  associated with strategic  acquisitions and alliances or investments
     in technology;
o    expenses incurred for geographic and service expansion; and
o    acquisitions of our customers by other companies.

Other market factors may adversely impact the market price of our common stock.

         The stock  markets have recently  experienced  extreme price and volume
fluctuations  that have affected the market prices of equity  securities of many
companies,  including  many  companies  in our  industry,  and  that  have  been
unrelated or  disproportionate  to the operating  performance of such companies.
Such  fluctuation may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, our
ability  to  raise  additional  capital  and  your  ability  to  liquidate  your
investments at a favorable price. In addition,  general economic,  political and
market   conditions   such  as  recessions,   interest  rate   fluctuations   or
international  currency  exchange rate  fluctuations,  may adversely  affect the
market price of the common stock. In the past,  following  periods of volatility
in  the  market  price  of  a  company's  securities,  securities  class  action
litigation has often been instituted against such company.  Any such litigation,
if  instituted,  could  result  in  substantial  costs and  divert  management's
attention  and  resources,  which  could have a material  adverse  effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition.

         Other factors may contribute to this volatility, including:

o    announcements  of new products and  services our  competitors  and customer
     acceptance of such new products and services,
o    changes in the information technology environment,

<PAGE>15


o    announcements of mergers or acquisitions by our competitors,
o    fluctuations in the market price of our competitors' publicly-traded stock,
     and
o    adoption of new accounting  standards  affecting our industry,  and general
     market conditions and other factors.

Our  executive  officers  and  existing  stockholders  will  retain  significant
control.

         Our executive officers, directors and holders of over five percent (5%)
of our common stock and their affiliates beneficially own approximately 83.0% of
the outstanding shares of common stock as of September 11, 2000. As a result, if
these  holders  act as a group,  they may be able to  control  us and direct our
affairs,  including  the  election of  directors  and  approval  of  significant
corporate  transactions  without  approval  by  the  other  shareholders.   This
concentration of ownership also may delay,  defer or prevent a change in control
of our company,  and make some transactions more difficult or impossible without
the  support of these  stockholders.  These  transactions  might  include  proxy
contests,  mergers,  tender  offers,  open  market  purchase  programs  or other
purchases of common stock that could give our  stockholders  the  opportunity to
realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our common stock.

Our stock price may be affected  by the  availability  of shares for sale in the
near  future,  and the  future  sale  of  large  amounts  of our  stock,  or the
perception that such sales could occur, could negatively affect our stock price.

         On August 28, 2000,  we completed the sale of $10 million of our common
stock at $3.00 per share  resulting in the  issuance of 3,333,334  shares of our
common stock.  Proceeds net of offering  costs are expected to be  approximately
$9,600,000.

         On September  11, 2000, we agreed with one of the note holders of Notes
payable  to  stockholders  to extend the due date on notes  totaling  $2,288,815
including  interest,   in  consideration  of  such  notes  becoming  convertible
promissory  notes. The convertible  promissory notes are convertible into common
stock at $3.00 per share at the note holder's option.

         Also on  September,  11,  2000,  we agreed with the Series D Preferred
stockholders to exchange all their  outstanding  Series D shares and $475,915 in
accrued preferred stock dividends into 566,972 shares of common stock based on a
purchase price of $3.00 per common share.

         In addition,  the exercise of any outstanding options or warrants could
dilute the net tangible book value of our common stock.  Further, the holders of
such options and warrants may exercise them at a time when we would otherwise be
able to obtain  additional  equity  capital on terms more  favorable  to us. The
Company  has  reserved  10,972,473  as of  September  11,  2000 for  issuance of
outstanding stock options and warrants.

         The market price of our common stock could drop as a result of sales of
a large number of shares of common stock in the market that were acquired in the
private  placement  and common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of our
outstanding warrants, options, and convertible promissory notes.

Future issuances of preferred stock could reduce the value of our common stock.

         We are  authorized  to issue up to  1,200,000  shares of our  preferred
stock.  The preferred  stock may be issued in one or more series,  on such terms
and with such rights, preferences and designations as our board of directors may
determine,  without action by stockholders.  The issuance of any preferred stock

<PAGE>16


could adversely  affect the rights of the holders of common stock, and therefore
reduce the value of the common stock. In particular,  specific rights granted to
future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge
with or sell our assets to a third party,  thus making it more  difficult  for a
third party to acquire a majority of our  outstanding  voting stock.  We have no
current plans to issue more shares of preferred stock.

We  have  not  paid  dividends,  and  expect  to  retain  our  earnings  for the
foreseeable future.

         We  have  not  paid  cash  dividends  on our  common  stock  since  our
inception.  We do not intend to pay cash  dividends  on our common  stock in the
foreseeable future so that we may reinvest earnings,  if any, in the development
of our business.

Item 2.  Description of Property

          ATR's headquarters are located in Sacramento,  California. The Company
occupies  approximately  5,200 square feet of office space, which it leases from
Mr. James W. Cameron,  Jr. ("Cameron"),  the Company's Chairman of the Board and
majority shareholder, for a monthly rent of $11,434. A February 1, 2000 addendum
to the lease extended the expiration of the lease to January 1, 2004.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

         The Company is not currently a party to any pending legal proceedings.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

         No matters were  submitted  during the quarter ended June 30, 2000 to a
vote of security holders.

PART II

Item 5.  Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

         ATR's common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol
"ATEK."  Transactions  in ATR's  common  stock are subject to the "penny  stock"
disclosure requirements of Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act.

         The table  below  sets  forth the high and low  closing  prices for the
common stock of the Company for each of the last eight quarters.


           Period                                 High                  Low
-----------------------------------              -------               -----
Quarter ended September 30, 1998                  $1.03                $0.44
Quarter ended December 31, 1998                   $0.50                $0.28
Quarter ended March 31, 1999                      $0.75                $0.28
Quarter ended June 30, 1999                       $0.75                $0.38

Quarter ended September 30, 1999                  $5.53                $0.25
Quarter ended December 31, 1999                   $4.44                $1.88
Quarter ended March 31, 2000                      $10.44               $4.13
Quarter ended June 30, 2000                       $7.75                $3.00

<PAGE>17


         As of September 11, 2000, the Company had  approximately 214 holders of
its shares of common stock, excluding holders of the Company's common stock held
in street name.

Dividend Policy

         The Company has never paid a cash dividend on its common stock and does
not  anticipate  paying cash  dividends on its common  stock in the  foreseeable
future.  ATR's Series D Preferred  Stock carries a cumulative  dividend of $0.60
per share per  year,  which has been  accrued  beginning  July 1,  1994,  and is
payable  quarterly to the extent permitted by law. On September 11, 2000, and in
connection  with the exchange of 204,167 shares Series D preferred  stock with a
liquidation value of $6.00 per share for 408,334 shares of common stock based on
a per share price of $3.00 per share, the Company declared accrued  dividends of
$759,110 in the  aggregate.  Of the  $759,110 in accrued  dividends,  two of the
Series D preferred  stockholders agreed to accept 158,638 shares of common stock
for $475,915 in accrued dividends based on a $3.00 per share value.

         Its Board of Directors on the basis of various  factors,  including the
Company's results of operations,  financial condition,  capital requirements and
other relevant factors, will determine ATR's future dividend policy.

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data

         The following table presents a summary of unaudited  selected financial
data for each of the five years ended June 30, 2000.  Basic and diluted net loss
per share data and shares used in per share  calculations have been adjusted for
the year ended June 30, 1996 to reflect  our  one-for-ten  consolidation  of the
Company's  outstanding  common stock which became effective on December 2, 1996;
and certain  reclassifications  have been made to financial  data in years ended
June 30, 1996 through 1999 to conform with the June 30, 2000 presentation.

<TABLE>
<S>                                                   <C>              <C>            <C>              <C>            <C>


                                                                                  Years Ended June 30
                                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             1996            1997          1998            1999              2000
                                                       --------------  --------------  --------------  -------------   -------------

Statement of Operations Data:

Contract programming revenue                           $  1,280,303    $  2,018,064    $  5,250,002    $  6,340,235    $  2,561,101
Contract programming gross profit (loss)                    301,908         (74,275)        530,379       1,030,893         422,062
Product Development Costs                                        --              --              --              --      (1,154,244)
Selling, general and administrative                       1,313,116       1,160,015       1,336,342       1,223,539       1,276,726
                                                         (1,695,096)       (990,579)       (805,963)       (192,646)     (2,008,908)
Loss from operations
Total other income (expense)                               (152,716)        342,392        (437,981)       (524,101)     (2,806,733)
                                                         (1,847,812)       (648,187)     (1,243,944)       (716,747)     (4,815,641)
Net loss
Preferred stock dividends in arrears                       (122,500)       (122,500)       (122,500)       (122,500)       (122,500)
Net loss applicable to common stockholders               (1,970,312)       (770,687)     (1,366,444)       (839,247)     (4,938,141)
Basic and diluted net loss per share                   $      (0.12)   $      (0.03)   $      (0.05)   $      (0.03)   $      (0.10)
Shares used in per share calculations                    16,124,056      25,369,315      25,964,142      26,127,730      50,329,614

Balance Sheet Data:

<PAGE>18

                                                                                  Years Ended June 30
                                                       -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             1996            1997          1998            1999              2000
                                                       --------------  --------------  --------------  -------------   -------------

Total assets                                           $    366,347    $    298,142    $    837,353    $    599,440    $  2,502,703
Long-term obligations                                       738,752       2,787,262       4,006,565       4,258,090       3,567,424
Accrued preferred stock dividends                           245,000         367,500         490,001         612,501         735,001
Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series D                   $  1,225,002    $  1,225,002    $  1,225,002    $  1,225,002    $  1,225,002

</TABLE>


Item 7. Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
        of Operation

         The  following   discussion  provides  information  to  facilitate  the
understanding  and  assessment of  significant  changes in trends related to the
financial  condition of the Company and its results of operations.  It should be
read  in  conjunction  with  the  audited  financial  statements  and  footnotes
appearing elsewhere in this annual report.

Results of Operation

Year ended June 30, 2000 compared to year ended June 30, 1999

Contract Programming

         Contract  Programming  Revenue.  Contract  programming  revenue results
primarily from sales of programmer  services.  Revenues decreased  $3,779,000 or
60% in fiscal year 2000 compared to fiscal year 1999.  This decrease is due to a
reduction  in the  monthly  average  number of contract  programmers  working at
customer  sites in fiscal year 2000  compared to fiscal year 1999.  There was an
average of 31  contract  programmers  at  customer  sites for  fiscal  year 2000
compared  an average of 82 in fiscal  year 1999.  Two events in the last half of
fiscal year 1999 began to impact ATR's results of  operations:  customers  moved
toward  utilizing  individual  programmers or small (2 to 4 people)  programming
teams  rather  than large  programming  teams,  and several  customers  chose to
exercise a contract  termination  provision which allowed them to convert, for a
fee, ATR's  programmers  to their  employees.  As a result,  when contracts with
several  customers  approached  their  termination  date,  they were  either not
renewed, renewed for a fewer number of programmers,  or programmers converted to
customer  employees.  The Company has escalated this  conversion  process during
fiscal year 2000 to enable it to focus its business strategy towards  developing
its Internet Exchange for healthcare services, (see Part I, Item 1, "Description
of Business").

         Contract  Termination  Fees.  Contract  termination  fees  are  amounts
received from customers when they exercise the contract  provision  which allows
them to convert ATR's programmer to their employee. In addition,  these fees can
also be received from programmers when they exercise their contract provision to
terminate their  relationship  with the Company prior to the termination date of
their  contract.  These fee amounts are  stipulated  in customer and  programmer
contracts, are based on the length of time remaining under the contract, and are
recognized  as revenue  when such  contract  provisions  are  invoked.  Although
contract  termination fees are common in the industry,  the number and frequency
of exercises of the "buy-out" provisions is unpredictable.

         Programmer  Costs.  Programmer  costs are the salary and other wage and
benefit costs of ATR's programmer employees. These costs decreased by $2,769,000
or 61% in fiscal  year 2000  compared  to fiscal  year 1999.  This  decrease  is
primarily due to the reduction in the number of contract  programmers working at
customer sites as discussed above in "Contract Programming Revenue".

<PAGE>19

         Start-up  and Other  Costs.  Start-up  and other costs are the costs of
recruiting,  training,  and travel for programmer employees coming to the United
States the first time,  relocation costs within the United States, and legal and
other costs related to obtaining and maintaining compliance with required visas,
postings and notifications.

         Included in this category of costs is compensation paid by ATR whenever
programmer employees are hired and enter the United States or are relocated once
in the United States but before these  programmers begin working at a customer's
work site. There are times when under  immigration  law, ATR, as employer,  must
pay a  programmer  employee  at least  95% of  prevailing  wages  for his or her
specialty even when the programmer is not placed.

         ATR expenses  start-up and other costs as  incurred,  which  results in
timing  differences  between the incurring of current expense and recognition of
resulting future revenue.  Such differences may be particularly evident in ATR's
case  because  of  its  relatively   small  revenue  base.  The  effect  may  be
particularly  noticeable  whenever  the timing of placement of employees is such
that the  major  start-up  costs  occur  late in one  reporting  period  and the
revenues appear in subsequent periods.

         Start-up and other costs decreased  $649,000 or 62% in fiscal year 2000
as  compared  to fiscal  year 1999.  This  decrease  is due to a decrease in the
number of programmers  who were in the United States but not working at customer
sites.  In fiscal  year 2000  there was an average  of 2  programmers  per month
temporarily unassigned compare to 8 in fiscal year 1999.

         Contract  Programming Gross Profit.  The gross profit on contract
programming  revenue  was 16% for  fiscal  year  2000 and 12%  (before  contract
termination  fees) for fiscal year 1999.  The  increase  for fiscal year 2000 is
primarily due to the programmer employees retained during fiscal year 2000 being
at a lower  salary  level than  programmers  employed in fiscal year 1999 and to
suspension of recruitment in fiscal year 2000. Product Development Costs

         In October  1999 the  Company  began  incurring  costs to  develop  its
Internet  Exchange.  Costs  incurred are primarily the salary and other wage and
benefit  costs  of  ATR's  employees  involved  in  recruiting  the  network  of
healthcare providers.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

         SG&A expense  increased  $53,000 or 4% in fiscal year 2000  compared to
fiscal  year  1999  primarily  due  to  start-up  development  fees  payable  to
Healtheon/WebMD Corp.

Other Income (Expense)

         Interest Income.  Interest income increased $88,000 in fiscal year 2000
primarily due to short term investment of cash balances and to notes  receivable
from  employees  and  officers  of the  Company.  No such  investments  or notes
receivable existed in fiscal year 1999.

         Interest  Expense.  Interest  expense  increased  $2,370,000  in fiscal
year 2000  compared to fiscal year 1999 due to the benefit  accruing to the note
holders from amending the conversion terms of the $1,000,000  convertible  note.
(See "Liquidity and Capital Resources").

<PAGE>20

Income Taxes

         The Company  accounts  for income  taxes under  Statement  of Financial
Accounting  Standards  No.  109.  As of June 30,  2000,  the  Company  had a net
operating  loss  carryforward  for federal and state  income tax purposes of $30
million  and  $13  million,   respectively.   The  federal  net  operating  loss
carryforward  expires in the years 2006 through 2019 and the state net operating
loss carryforward expires in 2000 through 2005. In connection with the Company's
initial public offering, a change of ownership (as defined in Section 382 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), occurred. As a result, the Company's
net operating loss  carryforwards  generated through August 10, 1992 are subject
to an annual limitation of approximately $300,000.

         In 1993, a controlling  interest of the Company's  stock was purchased,
resulting  in a  second  annual  limitation  of  approximately  $398,000  on the
Company's ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards  generated between
August  11,  1992,  and  September  13,  1993.  The  Company  expects  that  the
aforementioned  annual  limitations will result in $4.5 million of net operating
loss  carryovers,  which will not be  utilized  prior to the  expiration  of the
carryover period.

Net Loss

         Net loss  increased to  $4,815,641 in fiscal year 2000 from $716,747 in
fiscal year 1999  primarily due to product  development  costs of ATR's Internet
Exchange and increased interest expense.

Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share

         The Company's net loss per share has been computed by dividing net loss
after deducting  Preferred Stock dividends ($122,500 in each of the fiscal years
2000 and  1999) by the  weighted  average  number  of  shares  of  common  stock
outstanding during the periods presented.  Common stock issuable upon conversion
of Preferred  Stock,  common stock  options and common stock  warrants have been
excluded  from the diluted net loss per share  calculations  as their  inclusion
would be  anti-dilutive.  Net loss per share  increased as a result of a greater
loss partially  offset by a greater  weighted average number of shares in fiscal
year 2000 compared to fiscal year 1999.

Year ended June 30, 1999 compared to year ended June 30, 1998

Contract Programming

         During the last half of fiscal 1999, two events  impacted ATR's results
of operations: customers moving toward utilizing individual programmers or small
(2 to 4 people)  programming  teams  rather than large  programming  teams,  and
several customers  choosing to exercise a contract  provision which allowed them
to convert ATR's  programmers to their  employees.  As a result,  when contracts
with several  customers  approached their termination date, they were either not
renewed, renewed for a fewer number of programmers,  or programmers converted to
customer  employees.  Therefore,  in the last half of fiscal  1999,  the monthly
average  number of  programmers  at  customer  sites  dropped  to 70 from the 93
monthly  average  in the first  half of  fiscal  1999 and 88 in the last half of
fiscal  1998;  and the  number  of  programmers  pending a  customer  assignment
increased to a monthly  average of 13 in the second half of fiscal 1999 from the
3 monthly  average in the first half of fiscal  1999 and the last half of fiscal
1998.  Although the gross margin (excluding  contract  termination fees) for the
second  half of fiscal  1999 was only  7.7%,  it was 15.9% in the first  half of
fiscal  1999,  and 12.3% for the full  fiscal  year 1999  compared  to 10.1% for
fiscal 1998.

<PAGE>21

         Contract Programming Revenue. Contract programming revenue results from
sales of programmer  services.  Revenues  increased  $1,090,000 or 21% in fiscal
1999  compared to fiscal  1998.  This  increase was due to a 12% increase in the
number of  programmers in fiscal 1999 compared to fiscal 1998 and due to billing
rate increases during fiscal 1999.

         Contract  Termination  Fees.  Contract  termination  fees  are  amounts
received from customers when they exercise the contract  provision  which allows
them to convert ATR's programmer to their employee. In addition,  these fees can
also be received from programmers when they exercise their contract provision to
terminate their  relationship  with the Company prior to the termination date of
their  contract.  These fee amounts are  stipulated  in customer and  programmer
contracts, are based on the length of time remaining under the contract, and are
recognized  as revenue  when such  contract  provisions  are  invoked.  Although
contract  termination fees are common in the industry,  the number and frequency
of exercises of the "buy-out" provisions is unpredictable.

         Programmer  Costs.  Programmer  costs are the salary and other wage and
benefit costs of ATR's programmer employees.  These costs increased $653,000, or
17% in fiscal 1999  compared  to fiscal  1998.  This  increase is due to the 12%
increase  in the  number of  programmers  and to  increasing  salaries  for more
experienced programmers.

         Start-up  and Other  Costs.  Start-up  and other costs are the costs of
recruiting,  training,  and travel for programmer employees coming to the United
States for the first time,  relocation costs within the United States, and legal
and other costs related to obtaining and  maintaining  compliance  with required
visas, postings and notifications.

         Included in this category of costs is employee compensation paid by ATR
whenever  programmer  employees  are hired and  enter the  United  States or are
relocated once in the United States but before these  programmers  begin working
at a customer's work site.  There are times when under  immigration law, ATR, as
employer,  must pay a programmer  employee at least 95% of prevailing  wages for
his or her specialty even when the programmer is not placed.

         ATR expenses  start-up and other costs as  incurred,  which  results in
timing differences between the incurring of expense and recognition of resulting
revenue.  Such differences may be particularly  evident in ATR's case because of
its relatively  small revenue base and because of its growth.  The effect may be
particularly  noticeable  whenever  the timing of placement of employees is such
that the major start-up costs occur late in one reporting period and programmers
begin to generate revenue in subsequent periods.

         Start-up  and other  costs  increased  $190,000  or 22% in fiscal  1999
compared to fiscal  1998.  This  increase is due to an increase in the number of
programmers  in the United  States who were not  working at customer  sites.  In
fiscal  1999  there  was an  average  of 8  programmers  per  month  temporarily
unassigned compared to approximately 3 in fiscal 1998.

         Contract  Programming Gross Profit. The gross profit percentage was 16%
for fiscal 1999 compared to 10% for fiscal 1998.  Gross profit margin  increased
due to the $253,000 in contract  termination  fees received in fiscal 1999.  The
remaining  difference  is  primarily  due to billing  rate  increases  exceeding
programmer salary increases.


<PAGE>22

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

         SG&A  expense  decreased  $113,000  or 8% in fiscal  1999  compared  to
fiscal  1998  primarily  due to a decrease  in  non-cash  employee  compensation
related to stock grants to Mr. W. Robert Keen.

Other Income (Expense)

         Interest  Expense.  Interest expense  increased  $86,000 in fiscal 1999
compared  to fiscal 1998 due to a net  increase in notes  payable and other debt
over the last two years of $1,500,000.

Income Taxes

         The Company  accounts  for income  taxes under  Statement  of Financial
Accounting  Standards  No.  109.  As of June 30,  1999,  the  Company  had a net
operating  loss  carryforward  for federal and state  income tax purposes of $25
million  and  $5  million,   respectively.   The  federal  net  operating   loss
carryforward  expires in the years 2006 through 2018 and the state net operating
loss carryforward expires in 1999 through 2004. In connection with the Company's
initial public offering, a change of ownership (as defined in Section 382 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), occurred. As a result, the Company's
net operating loss  carryforwards  generated through August 10, 1992 are subject
to an annual limitation of $300,000.

         In 1993, a controlling  interest of the Company's  stock was purchased,
resulting in a second annual  limitation of $398,000 on the Company's ability to
utilize net operating loss carryforwards  generated between August 11, 1992, and
September  13,  1993.  The  Company  expects  that  the  aforementioned   annual
limitations  will result in $4.1 million of net operating loss carryovers  which
may not be utilized prior to the expiration of the carryover period.

Net Loss

         Net loss decreased to $716,747 in fiscal 1999 from $1,243,944 in fiscal
1998 due to a greater  gross  margin and lower SG&A,  offset by higher  interest
expense.

Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share

         The Company's net loss per share has been computed by dividing net loss
after deducting  Preferred Stock dividends ($122,500 in each of the fiscal years
1999 and  1998) by the  weighted  average  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock
outstanding during the periods presented.  Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of Preferred  Stock,  Common Stock  options and Common Stock  warrants have been
excluded from the net loss per share  calculations  as their  inclusion would be
anti-dilutive.  Net loss per share  decreased  as a result of a smaller loss and
only a  slightly  greater  weighted  average  number of  shares  in fiscal  1999
compared to fiscal 1998.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

         Traditionally,  the Company has used a  combination  of equity and debt
financing  and  internal  cash  flow to fund  operations  and  finance  accounts
receivable  but has incurred  operating  losses since its  inception,  which has
resulted in an accumulated deficit of $40,632,218 at June 30, 2000. In addition,
at June 30, 2000 the Company had a stockholders' deficit of $2,974,406.

         The Company has received  short-term,  unsecured  financing to fund its
operations in the form of notes payable of $3,567,424 as of June 30, 2000,  from
Mr.  Cameron and another  stockholder.  These notes bear interest at 10.25%.  On
January 1, 2000,  Mr.  Cameron and the other  stockholder  extended the maturity

<PAGE>23


date on all notes payable originally  maturing December 31, 1999, to the earlier
of December 31, 2000, or such time as the Company obtains equity  financing,  in
return for an extension fee of 2% of the amounts extended. In addition, interest
accrued on these notes as of December  31,  1999,  was  included in the extended
principal amounts. On September 11, 2000, the Company agreed with Mr. Cameron to
extend the due date on notes payable to him until  December 31, 2001 in exchange
for an extension fee of 2%. These  extended  notes total  $1,511,634,  including
accrued interest and extension fees, and bear interest at 10.25% per annum. Also
on September 11, 2000,  the Company  agreed with the other note holder to extend
the due date of his notes until December 31, 2001 in consideration of such notes
becoming  convertible  promissory notes. The convertible  promissory notes total
$2,288,815,  including accrued  interest,  bear interest at 10.25% per annum and
are  convertible  into  common  stock at $3.00  per  share at the note  holder's
option.

         On April 21, 1997,  the Company  issued an unsecured  note payable (the
"Straight   Note")  to  Mr.  Cameron  for  $1,000,000  in  accordance  with  the
Reimbursement  Agreement the Company  signed on February 28, 1994.  Terms of the
note provided for an interest  rate of 9.5% and monthly  interest  payments.  No
maturity  date  was  stated  in  the  note;  however,  under  the  terms  of the
Reimbursement  Agreement,  upon written demand by Mr. Cameron, the Straight Note
was  to  be  replaced  by a  note  convertible  into  ATR's  common  stock  (the
"Convertible Note") in a principal amount equal to the Straight Note and bearing
interest at the same rate.  The  conversion  price of the  Convertible  Note was
equal to 20% of the average trading price of the Company's common stock over the
period of ten trading days ending on the trading day next  preceding the date of
issuance of such Convertible Note.

         Subsequent to June 30, 1999, Mr.  Cameron  disposed of a portion of his
interest in the Straight  Note,  reducing the balance due him to $711,885,  plus
accrued  interest.  On August 19, 1999, the Company's Board of Directors  agreed
with the Straight Note holders to fix the  conversion  price of the  Convertible
Note to $0.044 in exchange for the Straight and/or  Convertible Notes ceasing to
accrue  interest as of that date.  Because of the decline in revenues  caused by
the  non-renewal  of programmer  contracts and the steady  decline in the quoted
value of the Company's  common stock at that time (trading price was at $0.25 on
August 19, 1999), the Board agreed it was in the best interest of the Company to
eliminate the future market risk that the  conversion  price become lower than a
fixed  conversion  price of $0.044.  The benefit  accruing  to the note  holders
resulting from the amendment to the conversion  terms, as measured on August 19,
1999,  was  approximately  $2.4 million and was recorded as additional  interest
expense in the quarter ended September 30, 1999.

         Subsequent  to August 19,  1999,  Mr.  Cameron  elected to replace  his
remaining  interest in the Straight Note,  including accrued interest,  with the
Convertible  Note and then  simultaneously  converted the Convertible  Note into
19,762,786  shares of ATR's common stock.  All other  Straight Note holders have
since  replaced  their  Straight  Notes,   including  accrued   interest,   with
Convertible  Notes and  converted  such  Convertible  Notes into an aggregate of
7,998,411 shares of the Company's common stock.

The  Company  received  $3,712,348  in private  sales of its common  stock at an
average price of $3.42 per share during fiscal year 2000.

         ATR's Internet Exchange  development  efforts will require  substantial
funds  prior to  generating  revenues.  Therefore,  ATR engaged a New York based
financial and investment  banking firm to assist the Company in raising capital.
On August 28,  2000,  the Company  sold $10 million of its common stock at $3.00
per share.  The proceeds from the private  placement will be used to develop the
Company's  proposed  Internet Exchange and are expected to be sufficient to meet
ATR's working capital needs through at least the next fiscal year. The Company's
Chief Executive Officer and related entities  purchased  2,333,335 shares of the
Company's common stock in the private  placement.  Because the purchase price of

<PAGE>24


such stock was less than the public  trading price on the date of purchase,  the
Company expects to record  compensation  expense of approximately  $1,458,332 in
the first fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2000.

         Based on the steps the Company has taken to refocus its  operations and
obtain additional financing, the Company believes that it has developed a viable
plan to address the Company's  ability to continue as a going concern,  and that
this plan will  enable the Company to  continue  as a going  concern  through at
least the end of fiscal 2001. However,  there can be no assurance that this plan
will be successfully implemented.

Effects of Inflation

         Management  does not expect  inflation to have a material effect on the
Company's operating expenses.

Item 7A.   A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

         The Company has long-term debt in the aggregate amount of $3,567,424 as
of June 30, 2000 to two stockholders of the Company.  The debt bears interest at
10.25% per annum and is due  December  31, 2000.  On  September  11,  2000,  the
Company  agreed with Mr.  Cameron to extend the due date on notes payable to him
until  December 31, 2001 in exchange for an extension fee of 2%. These  extended
notes total $1,511,634,  including accrued interest and extension fees, and bear
interest at 10.25% per annum.  Also on September  11, 2000,  the Company  agreed
with the other  stockholder  to extend the due date of his notes until  December
31, 2001 in consideration of such notes becoming  convertible  promissory notes.
The convertible  promissory notes total $2,288,815,  including accrued interest,
bear interest at 10.25% per annum and are convertible into common stock at $3.00
per share at the note  holder's  option.  The Company  does not believe that any
change in  interest  rates will have a  material  impact on the  Company  during
fiscal 2001. Further, the Company has no foreign operations and therefore is not
subject to foreign currency fluctuations.

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

         The financial  statements  of the Company,  including the notes thereto
and report of the independent  auditors thereon, are attached hereto.

Item 9.  Changes  in  and  Disagreements  with  Accountants  on  Accounting  and
         Financial Disclosure

         Not applicable.

PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Company

         The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to
the Captions "Election of Directors ", "Further Information concerning the Board
of Directors " and "Section 16(a) Information" of the Company's definitive Proxy
Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders  which will be filed within 120
days of the of the Company's fiscal year end.

<PAGE>25

Item  11.  Executive Compensation

         The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to
the Caption "Executive Compensation" of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement
for the Annual  Meeting of  Stockholders  which will be filed within 120 days of
the Company's fiscal year end.

Item  12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

         The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to
the Caption "Principal Stockholders" of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement
for the Annual  Meeting of  Stockholders  which will be filed within 120 days of
the Company's fiscal year end.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

         The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to
the Caption "Certain  Relationships  and Related  Transactions" of the Company's
definitive  Proxy Statement which will be filed within 120 days of the Company's
fiscal year end.

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

 Exhibit
 Number       Description of Document

3.1  Second  Amended and  Restated  Bylaws of the  Registrant  (incorporated  by
     reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment  No. 1 to  Registration  Statement on
     Form S-18, Reg. No. 33-48666).

3.2  Amendment  to  Second  Amended  and  Restated   Bylaws  of  the  Registrant
     (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Registrant's Annual Report
     on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

3.3  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant.

4.1  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant,  including
     Certificates  of Designation  with respect to Series A, Series B, Series C,
     Series D, and Series E Preferred  Stock,  including any amendments  thereto
     (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form
     S-3, Reg. No. 33-86962).

10.1 Form  of  Director  and   Executive   Officer   Indemnification   Agreement
     (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to  Registration  Statement on
     Form S-18, Reg. No. 33-48666).

10.2 Form of  Reimbursement  Agreement,  dated  February 28,  1994,  between the
     Registrant and James W. Cameron,  Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
     10.29 to Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

10.3 Form of Stock Purchase  Warrant issued in connection with the  Confidential
     Private  Placement  Memorandum of the  Registrant,  dated February 13, 1992
     (Class A Warrant)  (incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.31 to Form
     10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

<PAGE>26

10.4 Form of Stock  Purchase  Warrant  issued  April 22,  1993 (Class B Warrant)
     (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.32 to Form 10-KSB for the fiscal
     year ended June 30, 1994).

10.5+ Stock Purchase  Warrant  issued to William T. Manak on April 6, 1994,  for
     the   purchase  of  57,286   shares   [restated   to  reflect   one-for-ten
     consolidation of the Company's  outstanding common stock effective December
     2, 1996] of the  Registrant's  common stock  (incorporated  by reference to
     Exhibit 10.34 to Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

10.6 Stock Purchase  Warrant issued to Dennis L. Montgomery on April 6, 1994 for
     the   purchase  of  12,500   shares   [restated   to  reflect   one-for-ten
     consolidation of the Company's  outstanding common stock effective December
     2, 1996] of the  Registrant's  common stock  (incorporated  by reference to
     Exhibit 10.35 to Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

10.7 Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Dennis L. Montgomery on April 6, 1994, for
     the   purchase  of  58,000   shares   [restated   to  reflect   one-for-ten
     consolidation of the Company's  outstanding common stock effective December
     2, 1996] of the  Registrant's  common stock  (incorporated  by reference to
     Exhibit 10.36 to Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

10.8 Form of Amended Stock Purchase  Warrant issued to certain Class A, Class B,
     Class C and Class D Warrant Holders  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
     10.37 to Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

10.9 Form of Stock Purchase Warrant, dated June 30, 1994, issued to stockholders
     of record on September 7, 1993  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38
     to Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

10.10 Form of Stock Purchase  Warrant to Jeff  Buckner as designee  for James W.
     Cameron, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to Form 10-KSB for
     the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

10.11+ 1993 Stock  Option/Stock  Issuance  Plan  (incorporated  by  reference to
     Exhibit 10.47 to Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

10.12+ Stock Option Agreement, dated August 11, 1993, between the Registrant and
     Russell J.  Harrison  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.51 to Form
     10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994).

10.13 Contractor Agreement,  dated  June 3, 1996,  between  the  Registrant  and
     Technical  Directions,  Inc.  [formerly  known as The Systems Group,  Inc.]
     (incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.42 to Form 10-KSB for the year
     ended June 30, 1996).

10.14 Lease, dated  November  6,  1995,  between  the  Registrant  and  James W.
     Cameron, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to Form 10-KSB for
     the year ended June 30, 1996).

10.15 Agreement with Technical Directions,  Inc.  (incorporated  by reference to
     Exhibit 10.47 to Form 10-KSB for the year ended June 30, 1996).

10.16 First Addendum to Lease between James W. Cameron, Jr., and the Registrant,
     dated October 1, 1996  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to Form
     SB-2 filed December 18, 1996).

<PAGE>27


10.17 Agreement  between  Liberty Mutual  Insurance Company and the  Registrant,
     dated October 9, 1996  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to Form
     SB-2 filed December 18, 1996).

10.18 Note Payable  between the Registrant and the Negri  Foundation  dated
     December  24, 1996  (incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.60 to Form
     10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

10.19 Note Payable  between  the  Registrant  and  the  Negri  Foundation  dated
     December  31, 1996  (incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.61 to Form
     10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

10.20 Note Payable between the Registrant and the Max Negri Trust dated December
     31, 1996 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to Form 10-QSB for the
     quarter ended December 31, 1996).

10.21 Note Payable  between  the  Registrant  and the Cameron  Foundation  dated
     December  31, 1996  (incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.63 to Form
     10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

10.22 Note Payable between the Registrant  and the James W. Cameron,  Jr., as an
     individual,  dated December 31, 1996  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
     10.64 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

10.23 Note Payable  between  the  Registrant  and James W.  Cameron,  Jr., as an
     individual,  dated January 16, 1997  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
     10.65 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

10.24 Note Payable  between  the  Registrant  and James W.  Cameron,  Jr., as an
     individual,  dated January 31, 1997  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
     10.66 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

10.25 Note  ayable  between  the  Registrant  and James W.  Cameron,  Jr., as an
     individual,  dated February 7, 1997  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit
     10.67 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

10.26 Agreement between the  Registrant  and Adept,  Inc.  dated  February  1997
     (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter
     ended March 31, 1997).

10.27 Sale  of Cortex   between   the   Registrant   and   Omnitech   Migrations
     International, Inc. (formerly known as Centre de Traitment I.T.I. Omnitech,
     Inc.),  dated May 2, 1997  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.69 to
     Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 1997).

10.28 Mutual Release  and  Settlement   Agreement  between  the  Registrant  and
     Omnitech  Migrations  International,  Inc.  (formerly  known as  Centre  de
     Traitment  I.T.I.  Omnitech,  Inc.),  dated  May 6, 1997  (incorporated  by
     reference to Exhibit  10.70 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter  ended March 31,
     1997).

<PAGE>28


10.29 Note Payable between the Registrant and James W. Cameron, Jr., dated April
     21, 1997 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Form 10-KSB for the
     year ended June 30, 1997).

10.30 Second   Addendum  to  Lease  between  James  W.  Cameron,  Jr.,  and  the
     Registrant,  dated June 3, 1997 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30
     to Form 10-KSB for the year ended June 30, 1997).

10.31 Joint Services Agreement between the Registrant and Prize-ITM, Ltd., dated
     August 1, 1997  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to Form 10-KSB
     for the year ended June 30, 1997).

10.32 Third Addendum to Lease between James W. Cameron, Jr., and the Registrant,
     dated January 5, 1998  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Form
     10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1997).

10.33+ Alternative   Technology   Resources,   Inc.  1997  Stock  Option  Plan
     (incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.33 to Form 10-KSB for the year
     ended June 30, 1998).

10.34 Memorandum regarding  rent  reduction  on  that  Lease  between  James  W.
     Cameron,  Jr., and the  Registrant,  dated July 15, 1998  (incorporated  by
     reference  to  Exhibit  10.34 to Form  10-KSB  for the year  ended June 30,
     1998).

10.35 Fourth  Addendum  to  Lease  between  James  W.  Cameron,   Jr.,  and  the
     Registrant, effective January 1, 1999 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
     10.35 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 1999).

10.36 Fifth Addendum to Lease between James W. Cameron, Jr., and the Registrant,
     effective  January 1, 2000  (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to
     Form 10-KSB for the year ended June 30, 2000).

10.37 Healtheon Customer Agreement effective September 16, 1999.

23.1 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors

+    Indicates a management  contract or  compensatory  plan or  arrangement  as
     required by Item 13(a).

         Reports on Form 8-K

         There were no reports on Form 8-K filed  during the last quarter of the
period covered by this report.


<PAGE>29
                                   SIGNATURES


         In  accordance  with  Section  13 or 15(d)  of the  Exchange  Act,  the
registrant  caused  this  report to be signed on its behalf by the  undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.

 Dated:   September 22, 2000             ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.




                                         By   /S/ JEFFREY S. MCCORMICK.
                                                  --------------------------
                                                  Jeffrey S. McCormick.
                                                  Chief Executive Officer


          In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below
by the following  persons on behalf of the  Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated.


 Signature                             Title                      Date




 /S/ JAMES W. CAMERON, JR.      Chairman of the Board         September 22, 2000
---------------------------     and Director
 James W. Cameron, Jr.




 /S/ W. ROBERT KEEN             Director                      September 22, 2000
--------------------------
 W. Robert Keen


 /S/ EDWARD L. LAMMERDING       Chief Financial Officer       September 22, 2000
--------------------------      and Director,
 Edward L. Lammerding           (Principal Financial Officer)



 /S/ THOMAS W. O'NEIL, JR.      Director                      September 22, 2000
---------------------------
 Thomas W. O'Neil, Jr.


<PAGE>


                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.


<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                    <C>


                                                                                                        Page

Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors........................................................F-1
Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2000 and 1999..............................................................F-2
Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998................................F-3
Statements of Stockholders' Deficit for the Years Ended June 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998.....................F-4
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998................................F-5
Notes to Financial Statements............................................................................F-7

</TABLE>


<PAGE>F-1


                Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors



The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

We have  audited  the  accompanying  balance  sheets of  Alternative  Technology
Resources,  Inc. as of June 30, 2000 and 1999,  and the  related  statements  of
operations, stockholders' deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in
the  period  ended  June  30,  2000.   These   financial   statements   are  the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial  statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting  the amounts and  disclosures in the financial  statements.  An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial  statement
presentation.  We believe  that our audits  provide a  reasonable  basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion,  the financial  statements  referred to above present fairly, in
all  material  respects,   the  financial  position  of  Alternative  Technology
Resources,  Inc. at June 30, 2000 and 1999,  and the results of its  operations,
stockholder's  deficit  and its cash  flows for each of the  three  years in the
period ended June 30, 2000 in conformity  with accounting  principles  generally
accepted in the United States.


                                                  /s/   ERNST & YOUNG LLP



Sacramento, California

August 17, 2000 except for the first,  second and third paragraphs of Note 8, as
to which the dates are August 28, 2000,  September  11, 2000 and  September  11,
2000 respectively.

<PAGE>F-2

                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

                                 Balance Sheets
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                  <C>                <C>

                                                                                                   June 30,
                                                                                            2000               1999
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
                                      Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                          $       1,909,421   $          32,642
  Trade accounts receivable                                                                     98,128             472,136
  Accounts and notes receivable from employees and officers                                          -              88,956
  Other current assets                                                                          84,183               5,706
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
Total current assets                                                                         2,091,732             599,440
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
Property and equipment:
  Equipment and software                                                                       175,415             148,445
  Accumulated depreciation and amortization                                                    (14,444)           (148,445)
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
  Property and equipment, net                                                                  160,971                   -
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
 Prepaid annual service fee                                                                    250,000                   -
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
                                                                                     $       2,502,703   $         599,440
                                                                                     =================== ==================
                         Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable and accrued interest payable to stockholders                      $         613,630   $         761,541
  Notes payable to directors                                                                    23,324              41,609
  Trade accounts payable                                                                        97,205              84,294
  Accrued payroll and related expenses                                                         167,507             304,287
  Accrued preferred stock dividends                                                            735,001             612,501
  Other current liabilities                                                                    273,018             124,593
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
Total current liabilities                                                                    1,909,685           1,928,825
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------

Notes payable to stockholders                                                                3,567,424           4,258,090
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
Commitments and contingencies (Notes 1, 3, 4 and 6)

Stockholders' deficit:
  Convertible   preferred   stock,   $6.00   par   value  -   1,200,000   shares
authorized,204,167 shares designated Series D issued and
outstanding; liquidation preference value of $1,960,003 at June 30, 2000                     1,225,002           1,225,002

Common stock, $0.01 par value - 100,000,000 shares authorized;
     55,329,605 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2000 (26,169,728 at
     June 30, 1999)                                                                            553,297             261,697
 Additional paid-in capital                                                                 35,879,513          28,742,403
 Accumulated deficit                                                                       (40,632,218)        (35,816,577)
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
Total stockholders' deficit                                                                 (2,974,406)         (5,587,475)
                                                                                     ------------------- ------------------
                                                                                     $       2,502,703   $         599,440
                                                                                     =================== ==================
See accompanying notes.

</TABLE>


<PAGE>F-3

<TABLE>
<S>                                                     <C>               <C>                   <C>

                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

                            Statements of Operations

                                                                         Years Ended June 30,
                                                          2000                   1999                  1998
                                                     ---------------       ----------------       ---------------
Contract Programming:
 Contract programming revenue                         $  2,561,101           $  6,340,235           $  5,250,002
 Contract termination fees                                   5,453                253,179                     --
 Programmer costs                                       (1,745,011)            (4,513,673)            (3,860,641)
 Start-up and other costs                                 (399,481)            (1,048,848)              (858,982)
                                                     ---------------        ----------------       ---------------
Contract programming gross profit                          422,062              1,030,893                530,379

Product development costs                               (1,154,244)                    --                     --

Selling, general and administrative                     (1,276,726)            (1,223,539)            (1,336,342)
                                                     ---------------        ----------------       ---------------
Loss from operations                                    (2,008,908)              (192,646)              (805,963)
                                                     ---------------        ----------------       ---------------
Other income (expense):
 Interest income                                            87,672                     --                     --
 Interest expense to stockholders
 and directors                                          (2,894,405)              (524,101)              (437,981)
                                                     ---------------        ----------------       ---------------
Total other income (expense)                            (2,806,733)              (524,101)              (437,981)
                                                     ---------------        ----------------       ---------------

Net loss                                              $ (4,815,641)          $   (716,747)          $ (1,243,944)
                                                     ===============        ================       ===============

Preferred stock dividends in arrears                      (122,500)              (122,500)              (122,500)
                                                     ---------------        ----------------       ---------------

Net loss applicable to common stockholders            $ (4,938,141)          $   (839,247)          $ (1,366,444)
                                                     ===============        ================       ===============

Basic and diluted net loss per share                  $      (0.10)          $      (0.03)          $      (0.05)
                                                     ===============        ================       ===============

Shares used in per share calculations                   50,329,614             26,127,730             25,964,142
                                                     ===============        ================       ===============



</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.

<PAGE>F-4

                                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                                      Statements of Stockholders' Deficit

                                    Years ended June 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998

<TABLE>
<S>                       <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>        <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>


                         Convertible Preferred Stock      Common Stock                      Additional                    Total
                         -------------------------- ------------------------  Unearned       Paid-In      Accumulated  Stockholders'
                              Shares      Amount      Shares       Amount    Compensation    Capital       Deficit       Deficit
                         ------------ ------------- ---------- ------------- ------------- ------------  ------------- -------------

Balance, July 1, 1997        204,167  $  1,225,002  25,783,926 $    257,839  $    (84,375) $ 28,768,907  $(33,855,886) $ (3,688,513)

Issuance of common
 stock in settlement of
 accounts payable                 --            --       5,712           57            --         5,265            --         5,322
Issuance of common stock
 for future compensation          --            --     275,000        2,750      (154,688)      151,938            --            --

Amortization of unearned
 compensation                     --            --          --           --       161,720            --            --       161,720
Options exercised                 --            --      55,861          559            --        43,082            --        43,641
Preferred stock dividends         --            --          --           --            --      (122,500)           --      (122,500)
Net loss                          --            --          --           --            --            --    (1,243,944)   (1,243,944)
                         ------------ ------------- ---------- ------------- ------------- ------------  ------------- -------------
Balance, June 30, 1998       204,167     1,225,002  26,120,499      261,205       (77,343)   28,846,692   (35,099,830)   (4,844,274)

Issuance of common stock
 in settlement of
 accounts payable                 --            --      36,719          367            --        18,211            --        18,578
Amortization of unearned
 compensation                     --            --          --           --        77,343            --            --        77,343
Warrants exercised                --            --      12,500          125            --            --            --           125
Preferred stock
 dividends                        --            --          --           --            --      (122,500)           --      (122,500)
Net loss                          --            --          --           --            --            --      (716,747)     (716,747)
                         ------------ ------------- ---------- ------------- ------------- ------------  ------------- -------------
Balance, June 30, 1999       204,167     1,225,002  26,169,718      261,697            --    28,742,403   (35,816,577)   (5,587,475)

Issuance of common stock
 in settlement of accounts
 payable                          --            --      15,126          151            --         8,751            --         8,902
Issuance of common stock
 on conversion of notes
 payable                          --            --  27,761,197      277,612            --     3,359,029            --     3,636,641
Private sale of common
 stock                            --            --   1,086,145       10,862            --     3,701,486            --     3,712,348
Options and warrants
 exercised                        --            --     309,919        3,100            --       190,219            --       193,319
Retirement of treasury
 stock                            --            --     (12,500)        (125)           --           125            --            --
Preferred stock dividends         --            --          --           --            --      (122,500)           --      (122,500)
Net loss                          --            --          --           --            --            --    (4,815,641)   (4,815,641)
                         ------------ ------------- ---------- ------------- ------------- ------------  ------------- -------------
Balance, June 30, 2000       204,167  $  1,225,002  55,329,605 $    553,297  $         --  $ 35,879,513  $(40,632,218) $ (2,974,406)
                         ============ ============= ========== ============= ============= ============  ============= =============


</TABLE>


See accompanying notes.


<PAGE>F-5

                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

                            Statements of Cash Flows
                Increase (decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents

<TABLE>
<S>                                                           <C>                   <C>                <C>

                                                                                  Years ended June 30,
                                                                --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                     2000                 1999                1998
                                                                --------------       --------------     ----------------
Cash flows from operating activities:
    Net loss                                                     $(4,815,641)         $  (716,747)         $(1,243,944)
    Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
     used in operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization                                     14,444                   --                8,525
    Interest expense resulting from amendment to
      conversion terms of notes payable                            2,415,223                   --                   --
    Interest expense included in notes payable
      to stockholders                                                309,334              273,647              177,303
    Non-cash employee compensation                                        --               77,343              161,720
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
      Accounts receivable                                            374,008              167,221             (420,099)
      Other current assets                                          (239,521)              13,638              (99,746)
      Accounts payable to stockholders                                73,509              199,296              286,016
      Accounts payable                                                12,911              (27,302)             (38,545)
      Accrued payroll and related expenses                          (136,781)             (42,215)              70,755
      Other current liabilities                                      157,329               16,372               25,884
                                                                --------------       --------------     ----------------
Net cash used in operating activities                             (1,835,185)             (38,747)          (1,072,131)
                                                                --------------       --------------     ----------------
Cash flows from investing activities:
     Purchase of equipment                                          (175,415)                  --                   --
     Disposal of equipment                                                --                   --                2,063
                                                                --------------       --------------     ----------------
Net cash provided (used) in investing activities                    (175,415)                  --                2,063
                                                                --------------       --------------     ----------------
</TABLE>



(Continued on next page)

<PAGE>F-6



                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

                            Statements of Cash Flows
                Increase (decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                   (continued)


<TABLE>
<S>                                                          <C>                <C>                  <C>
                                                                              Years ended June 30,
                                                               ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                  2000                 1999                1998
                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------
Cash flows from financing activities:
    Proceeds from private sale of common stock                 $ 3,712,348                  --                  --
    Proceeds from exercise of warrants and options                 193,319         $       125         $    43,641
    Proceeds from notes payable to stockholders                     33,500             992,543           1,317,000
    Payments on notes payable to stockholders                      (33,500)         (1,014,665)           (275,000)
    Proceeds from notes payable to directors                         3,361              72,690              37,919
    Payments on notes payable to directors                         (21,649)            (69,000)                 --
    Payments on other notes payable                                     --                  --             (23,539)
                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------
Net cash provided (used) by financing activities                 3,887,379             (18,307)          1,100,021
                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents             1,876,779             (57,054)             29,953
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                      32,642              89,696              59,743
                                                               -----------         -----------         -----------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                       $ 1,909,421         $    32,642         $    89,696
                                                               ===========         ===========         ===========
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
    Cash paid during the year for interest                     $    54,926         $    89,699         $    73,448

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities:
    Conversion of Notes payable to common stock                $ 1,000,000                  --                  --


</TABLE>


See accompanying notes.


<PAGE>F-7

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description of Business

The Company was founded in 1989 and during fiscal 1997, the Company  changed its
name to Alternative  Technology Resources,  Inc. ("ATR") and focused its efforts
on its computer programmer placement business whereby it recruited  experienced,
qualified computer programmers  primarily from the former Soviet Union, obtained
necessary  visas,  and placed them for  assignment in the United  States.  ATR's
computer  programmer  placement  business has not generated and currently is not
generating  sufficient cash flow to support operations.  Therefore,  the Company
suspended recruitment for the contract programming division in December 1999 and
is pursuing the  conversion  of computer  programmers  to become the  customers'
employees.

In August 1999, ATR decided to pursue the  establishment of an Internet Exchange
for healthcare services under the name "DoctorAndPatient".  The Company plans to
use current management's  experience in healthcare and information technology to
offer the nation's  medical  providers  the ability to more  directly link their
practice via the Internet to parties that pay for medical  services.  At present
the Company is in the early  stages of  developing  the Internet  Exchange.  The
Company is currently recruiting medical doctors,  medical groups,  hospitals and
other  health  care  practitioners  (collectively,  "Providers")  to offer their
services,  on a  non-exclusive  basis, to individuals and others who purchase or
facilitate the purchase of health care services  ("Purchasers").  The purpose of
the  Internet  Exchange is to utilize the  Internet  and other  technologies  to
provide administrative, billing and re-pricing services, as well as a direct and
efficient connection between Providers and Purchasers. There can be no assurance
that the Company will be  successful  in its efforts to  establish  the Internet
Exchange.

The Company has incurred  operating losses since inception,  which have resulted
in an accumulated deficit of $40,632,218 at June 30, 2000. In addition,  at June
30, 2000 the Company had a  stockholders'  deficit of  $2,974,406.  Based on the
steps the  Company  has taken to refocus its  operations  and obtain  additional
financing (see Note 8), the Company believes that it has developed a viable plan
to address the Company's  ability to continue as a going concern,  and that this
plan will enable the Company to continue as a going  concern,  at least  through
the end of fiscal year 2001.  However,  there can be no assurance that this plan
will be  successfully  implemented.  The  Company  does not  expect to  generate
positive  cash flow from  operations  during  fiscal  2001 to be able to pay off
obligations and pursue the  establishment of the Internet  Exchange;  therefore,
the Company has raised  additional  financing  during  fiscal  2001,  as well as
negotiated further deferral of payment under its existing  obligations (see Note
8).


<PAGE>F-8

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998



Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash in  excess of daily  requirements  is  invested  in  marketable  securities
consisting of  commercial  paper with  maturities of three months or less.  Such
investments are deemed to be cash equivalents.

Prepaid Annual Service Fee

The  prepaid  annual  service  fee  will be  amortized  over a  12-month  period
beginning at the  commencement of operation of the Company's  Internet  Exchange
through  Healtheon/Web  MD Corp.'s Internet  consumer portal.  Operations are to
begin no later than six months following  acceptance of application  software or
when the  Company's  Internet  Exchange  has  100,000  primary  care  providers,
whichever is earlier. Terms are more fully described in Note 4.

Internet Exchange for Healthcare Services Costs

In connection with the costs to develop the "DoctorAndPatient"  Internet portal,
the Company has adopted  EITF Issue 00-2,  "Accounting  for Website  Development
Costs". Costs incurred during the year ended June 30, 2000 represented primarily
costs  of  developing  the  portal's   functional   specifications,   evaluating
alternatives,  and designing the databases,  and were expensed as planning stage
and  preliminary  project stage costs,  in  accordance  with EITF 00-2 and AICPA
Statement  of Position  98-1,  "Accounting  for the Costs of  Computer  Software
Developed or Obtained for Internal Use", respectively.

Property and Equipment

Property  and  equipment  are  recorded  at  cost  and  are   depreciated  on  a
straight-line  basis over the estimated  useful lives of the assets or the lease
term,  whichever is shorter. The estimated useful lives range from three to five
years.


<PAGE>F-9

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


Revenue Recognition

Contract programming revenue represents work performed for customers,  primarily
on a time and materials  basis,  and is recognized when the related services are
rendered.  Contract  termination  fees are amounts  received from customers when
they  exercise  the  contract  provision,  which  allows  them to convert  ATR's
programmer to their employee. In addition,  these fees can also be received from
programmers  when they  exercise  their  contract  provision to terminate  their
relationship  with the Company prior to the termination  date of their contract.
These fee amounts are stipulated in customer and programmer contracts, are based
on the  length of time  remaining  under the  contract,  and are  recognized  as
revenue when such contract provisions are invoked.

The Internet Exchange has not yet generated revenue.

Income Taxes

The Company  accounts for income taxes under  Statement of Financial  Accounting
Standards No. 109,  "Accounting  for Income Taxes" ("SFAS No. 109").  Under SFAS
No. 109, the liability method is used to account for income taxes.  Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial
reporting  and tax bases of assets and  liabilities  and are measured  using the
enacted  tax rates and laws that  will be in  effect  when the  differences  are
expected to reverse.

Stock-Based Compensation

As permitted under the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 123 "Accounting for Stock-Based  Compensation" ("SFAS No. 123"), the Company
has elected to account for  stock-based  compensation  using the intrinsic value
method prescribed by Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees"  ("APB No. 25").  Under the  intrinsic  value method,
compensation  cost is the  excess,  if any, of the quoted  market  price or fair
value of the stock at the grant date or other  measurement  date over the amount
an employee must pay to acquire the stock.  Disclosures  required under SFAS No.
123 are included in Note 7 to the financial statements.

Concentration of Credit Risk

The Company's accounts receivable are unsecured and are primarily with companies
in the contract placement and consulting industry. The Company performs periodic
credit  evaluations  of its customers  and believes that adequate  provision for
uncollectable  accounts  receivable has been made in the accompanying  financial

<PAGE>F-10

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


statements.  The Company maintains  substantially all of its cash in the form of
short-term commercial paper from several companies.

Net Loss Per Share

All loss per share  amounts for all periods have been  presented  in  accordance
with Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards Board No. 128,  "Earnings per
Share". As the Company has reported net losses in all periods  presented,  basic
and  diluted  loss per  share  have  been  calculated  on the  basis of net loss
applicable  to common  stockholders  divided by the weighted  average  number of
common stock shares  outstanding  without giving effect to outstanding  options,
warrants, and convertible securities whose effects are anti-dilutive. As of June
30, 2000, 1999 and 1998, there were stock options,  stock warrants,  convertible
preferred  stock and a  convertible  note  payable  (Notes 3 and 7) which  could
potentially  dilute basic earnings per share in the future but were not included
in the  computation of diluted loss per share as their effect was  anti-dilutive
in the periods presented.

Significant Customers and Labor Suppliers

During the year ended June 30, 2000, three customers  individually accounted for
40%, 21% and 10% of total  revenues.  During the year ended June 30,  1999,  two
customers individually  accounted for 52% and 31% of total revenues.  During the
year ended June 30, 1998, two customers  individually  accounted for 51% and 34%
of total revenues.

During the years ended June 30, 2000,  1999 and 1998,  two suppliers  identified
100% of the computer programmer candidates employed by the Company.

Financial Instruments

The  Company's  financial  instruments  consist  of cash and  cash  equivalents,
accounts  receivable,  and accounts and notes  payable.  Fair values of cash and
cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable (other than accounts
payable to stockholders) are considered to approximate their carrying values.

Fair values of accounts  payable to stockholders  and notes payable could not be
determined with  sufficient  reliability  because these are instruments  held by
related  parties  and  because  of the  cost  involved  in  such  determination.
Principal  characteristics  of these  financial  instruments  that,  along  with
information  on the  financial  position of the Company,  are pertinent to their
fair values are described in Notes 2 and 3.

<PAGE>F-11

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In March 2000, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 44 ("FIN44"),  "Accounting for
Certain  Transactions  Involving  Stock  Compensation-an  Interpretation  of APB
Opinion No. 25." This  Interpretation  clarifies (a) the  definition of employee
for purposes of applying Opinion 25, (b) the criteria for determining  whether a
plan qualifies as a  noncompensatory  plan,  (c) the  accounting  consequence of
various  modifications to the terms of a previously fixed stock option or award,
and (d) the  accounting  for an  exchange  of  stock  compensation  awards  in a
business combination. This Interpretation is effective July 1, 2000, but certain
conclusions in this Interpretation cover specific events that occur after either
December 15, 1998, or January 12, 2000.  To the extent that this  Interpretation
covers events  occurring  during the period after  December 15, 1998, or January
12, 2000, but before the effective date of July 1, 2000, the effects of applying
this Interpretation are recognized on a prospective basis from July 1, 2000. The
adoption of FIN 44 is not  expected to have a material  impact on the  Company's
financial statements.

Use of Estimates in Preparation of Financial Statements

The  preparation  of the  financial  statements in  conformity  with  accounting
principles  generally accepted in the United States requires  management to make
estimates  and  assumptions  that affect the amounts  reported in the  financial
statements  and  accompanying  notes.  Actual  results  could  differ from those
estimates.

Reclassifications

Certain reclassifications have been made to amounts reported as of June 30, 1999
and 1998  and for the  years  then  ended,  to  conform  with the June 30,  2000
presentation.

2.  Investor Group Transactions

In fiscal 1994,  the Company  entered into a series of agreements  with James W.
Cameron,  Jr.  pursuant to which Mr. Cameron and Dr. Max Negri became  principal
stockholders of the Company.

As of June 30, 2000, Mr. Cameron  beneficially owned 39,268,871 shares of common
stock (Notes 3 and 7), and 76,167 shares of Preferred Stock, Series D, which are
convertible  into 73,120 shares of common stock at Mr. Cameron's  option.  As of
June 30, 2000 Dr. Negri held less than 5% of the Company's common stock.

During fiscal years 2000, 1999 and 1998, the Company did not generate sufficient
cash flow from  operations  and  borrowed  from  these two  stockholders.  Notes

<PAGE>F-12

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


payable to stockholders  were $3,567,424 at June 30, 2000 and $4,258,090 at June
30, 1999 (Note 3). Accrued interest of $148,481 at June 30, 2000 and $337,618 at
June 30, 1999 on these notes is  included in accounts  payable to  stockholders.
The Company also leases its office facilities from Mr. Cameron (Note 6). Accrued
lease expense of $465,149 at June 30, 2000 and $423,923 at June 30, 1999 is also
included in accounts  payable to stockholders at June 30, 2000.  During the year
ended June 30, 2000, Cameron & Associates  provided  consulting  services to the
Company in the amount of $90,000.

3.  Financing Arrangements

The Company has received short-term,  unsecured financing to fund its operations
in the form of notes payable of $3,567,424 at June 30, 2000 from Mr. Cameron and
another  stockholder.  These notes bear interest at 10.25%.  On January 1, 2000,
Mr.  Cameron and the other  stockholder  extended the maturity date on all notes
payable  originally  maturing  December 31, 1999, to the earlier of December 31,
2000, or such time as the Company  obtains  equity  financing,  in return for an
extension fee of 2% of the amounts  extended.  In addition,  interest accrued on
these  notes as of  December  31,  1999 and 1998 was  included  in the  extended
principal amounts on those dates (see Note 8).

The aggregate principal  maturities of long-term debt obligations are $3,567,424
in the year ending June 30,  2002,  and $0 in each of the years  ending June 30,
2001, 2003, 2004 and 2005, and thereafter.

On April 21, 1997,  the Company  issued an unsecured note payable (the "Straight
Note") to Mr.  Cameron  for  $1,000,000  in  accordance  with the  Reimbursement
Agreement  the Company  signed on February 28, 1994.  Terms of the note provided
for an interest rate of 9.5% and monthly interest payments. No maturity date was
stated in the note;  however,  under the terms of the  Reimbursement  Agreement,
upon written  demand by Mr.  Cameron,  the Straight Note was to be replaced by a
note convertible into ATR's common stock (the "Convertible Note") in a principal
amount equal to the  Straight  Note and bearing  interest at the same rate.  The
conversion price of the Convertible Note was equal to 20% of the average trading
price of the  Company's  common stock over the period of ten trading days ending
on the trading day next preceding the date of issuance of such Convertible Note.

Subsequent to June 30, 1999, Mr.  Cameron  disposed of a portion of his interest
in the Straight  Note,  reducing  the balance due him to $711,885,  plus accrued
interest.  On August 19, 1999, the Company's Board of Directors  agreed with the
Straight Note holders to fix the  conversion  price of the  Convertible  Note to
$0.044 in exchange for the Straight and/or  Convertible  Notes ceasing to accrue
interest  as of that date.  Because of the  decline  in  revenues  caused by the
non-renewal  of programmer  contracts and the steady decline in the quoted value
of the Company's common stock at that time (trading price was at $0.25 on August

<PAGE>F-13

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


19,  1999),  the Board  agreed it was in the best  interest  of the  Company  to
eliminate the future market risk that the  conversion  price become lower than a
fixed  conversion  price of $0.044.  The benefit  accruing  to the note  holders
resulting from the amendment to the conversion  terms, as measured on August 19,
1999,  was  approximately  $2.4 million and was recorded as additional  interest
expense.

Subsequent  to August 19, 1999,  Mr.  Cameron  elected to replace his  remaining
interest in the Straight Note, including accrued interest,  with the Convertible
Note and then  simultaneously  converted the  Convertible  Note into  19,762,786
shares of ATR's  common  stock.  All other  Straight  Note  holders  have  since
replaced their Straight Notes,  including  accrued  interest,  with  Convertible
Notes and converted such Convertible Notes into an aggregate of 7,998,411 shares
of the Company's common stock.

The  Company  received  $3,712,348  in private  sales of its common  stock at an
average price of $3.42 per share during fiscal year 2000.

ATR's Internet Exchange development efforts will require substantial funds prior
to generating  revenues.  Therefore,  ATR engaged a New York based financial and
investment  banking  firm to assist  the  Company  in  raising a minimum  of $10
million and up to $40 million  through the private  placement of common stock at
the price of $3.00 per share.  The proceeds from the private  placement  will be
used to develop the Company's  proposed Internet Exchange and are expected to be
sufficient to meet ATR's  working  capital needs through the end of fiscal 2001.
If the  offering  is not fully  subscribed,  or if  alternative  funding  is not
obtained,  the development of the Internet  Exchange could be slowed.  (See Note
8).

4.  Healtheon/WebMD Corp. Agreement

In September  1999 the Company  entered into an agreement  with  Healtheon/WebMD
Corp. to allow under insured and uninsured  healthcare  consumers to register to
use ATR's Internet Exchange,  when (and if) it is developed,  through the use of
Healtheon/WebMD  Corp.'s Internet  consumer portal.  The agreement  provides for
start up development fees to Healtheon/WebMD  Corp.  estimated to cost $160,000,
of which about $135,000 has been incurred and expensed  during fiscal year 2000.
The agreement also required payment to Healtheon/WebMD  Corp. of $250,000 upon a
promotional  announcement of ATR's Internet Exchange program on  Healtheon/WebMD
Corp's  Internet  portal,  and a sharing  of  revenues  when  operational.  This
$250,000  is an  annual  service  fee to be  amortized  over a  12-month  period
beginning at the  commencement  of operations.  Operations are to begin no later
than six months  following  acceptance of the  application  software or when the
Internet Exchange has 100,000 primary care providers,  whichever is earlier. The
agreement  term is three years,  but subject to  modification  or  withdrawal of

<PAGE>F-14

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


services by Healtheon/WebMD Corp. with certain financial penalties. In addition,
revenue sharing is subject to renegotiation on an annual basis based on the date
the program becomes operational.

In October 1999,  the  Department  issued the Company a subpoena with respect to
documents relating the agreement with Healtheon/WebMD Corp. and the potential of
being a health  care  service  plan  under the  Department's  jurisdiction.  The
Company responded to this subpoena and does not believe the Internet Exchange is
within  the scope of the HCSP Act.  However,  the  Department  may  continue  to
require compliance with the HCSP Act, which would require substantial changes in
the Company's  business  model.  Legislation  is being proposed in California to
impose minimal  licensing  requirements  on discount  plans.  The Company cannot
predict whether this  legislation  will pass or whether it will ultimately apply
to the Company.  As the Company  develops its business plan,  compliance with or
prohibitions by state regulations could delay,  eliminate or force  modification
of  certain  aspects  of the  Company's  business,  which  could have a material
adverse impact to the Company.

5.  Income Taxes

Significant  components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities for
federal and state income taxes as of June 30, 2000 and 1999 are as follows:


<PAGE>F-15

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


<TABLE>
<S>                                                          <C>                      <C>
                                                                                 June 30,
                                                               ----------------------------------------------
                                                                       2000                    1999
                                                               ---------------------- -----------------------

Net operating loss carry forwards                              $       11,486,000     $        8,595,000
Research credits                                                          123,000                123,000
Common stock options                                                    2,539,000              2,539,000
Common stock warrants                                                     789,000                789,000
Other - net                                                              (348,000)               466,000
                                                               ---------------------- -----------------------
Total deferred tax assets                                              14,589,000             12,512,000
Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets                           (14,589,000)           (12,512,000)
                                                               ---------------------- -----------------------
Net deferred tax assets                                        $                -     $                -
                                                               ====================== =======================

</TABLE>

The Company's  valuation  allowance as of June 30, 1999 and 1998 was $12,512,000
and  $12,609,000,  respectively,  resulting  in a net  change  in the  valuation
allowance of $2,077,000 and ($97,000) in the years ended June 30, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

As of June 30, 2000 the Company has net operating loss carryforwards for federal
and state  income tax  purposes of  approximately  $30 million and $13  million,
respectively.  The  federal  net  operating  loss  carryforward  expires in 2006
through  2019 and the state net  operating  loss  carryforward  expires  in 2000
through 2005. The Company also has approximately $98,000 and $25,000 of research
and  development  tax credit  carryforwards  for  federal  and state  income tax
purposes,   respectively.  The  federal  research  and  development  tax  credit
carryforwards expire in 2005.

In  connection  with the  Company's  initial  public  offering in August 1992, a
change of ownership  (as defined in Section 382 of the Internal  Revenue Code of
1986, as amended)  occurred.  As a result,  the  Company's  net  operating  loss
carryforwards generated through August 20, 1992 (approximately  $1,900,000) will
be subject to an annual limitation in the amount of approximately $300,000.

In August and September of 1993, a controlling  interest of the Company's  stock
was  purchased,  resulting  in a  second  annual  limitation  in the  amount  of
approximately  $398,000 on the Company's  ability to utilize net operating  loss
carryforwards   generated  between  August  11,  1992  and  September  13,  1993
(approximately $7,700,000).

The Company expects that the  aforementioned  annual  limitations will result in
approximately  $4,500,000 of net operating  loss  carryovers,  which will not be
utilized prior to the expiration of the carryover period.

<PAGE>F-16

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


6.  Commitments

In November  1995,  the Company  entered into a lease  agreement for its current
facility under a one-year lease with Mr. Cameron. The lease has been extended to
January 31, 2004. At June 30, 2000,  $465,149 of rent owed for fiscal years 1996
through  2000 is included in the  balance of accounts  payable to  stockholders.
Rental expense for all operating leases was approximately $189,121, $224,598 and
$181,589  for the  years  ended  June 30,  2000,  1999 and  1998,  respectively,
including  approximately  $114,285,  $88,676 and $86,769 related to the lease of
the office  facilities  from Mr. Cameron for the years ended June 30, 2000, 1999
and 1998, respectively.

Minimum annual rental payments for all  non-cancelable  operating  leases are as
follows:

               2001               $ 22,000
               2002               $ 21,100
               2003               $ 20,500
               2004               $ 17,700
               2005               $ 16,300

7.  Stockholders' Deficit

Series D Preferred Stock

In June  1994,  existing  stockholders  purchased  204,167  shares  of  Series D
Convertible  Preferred  Stock for  $1,225,002.  The  Company is  required to pay
cumulative  preferential  dividends to holders of Series D Preferred  Stock on a
quarterly  basis  beginning July 1, 1994, at a rate of $0.60 per year per share.
As of June 30, 2000, cumulative unpaid, undeclared dividends were $735,001. Each
share  of  Series  D  Preferred  Stock  is  convertible  at  the  option  of the
stockholder  into  such  number  of fully  paid  shares  of  common  stock as is
determined by dividing the sum of $6.00 and the accrued but unpaid  dividends by
the Series D conversion  price,  as defined in the  agreement,  in effect on the
conversion   date.   The  Series  D  conversion   price  is  $10.00  per  share.
Additionally,  the Series D  Preferred  Stock is  redeemable  at any time at the
Company's  option  at a price  of  $6.00  per  share  plus  accrued  but  unpaid
dividends. The liquidation preference is $6.00 per share plus accrued but unpaid
dividends.

Each  share of  Series D  Preferred  Stock  bears the right to one vote for each
share of common  stock into which such  Series D  Preferred  Stock could then be
converted (196,000 votes in the aggregate at June 30, 2000), and with respect to
such vote,  such  holder has full voting  rights and powers  equal to the voting
rights and powers of the holders of common stock.

<PAGE>F-17

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998

Warrants

Warrant activity during the periods indicated is as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                      <C>           <C>              <C>

                                          Number of       Range of      Weighted Average
                                           Shares      Exercise Prices   Exercise Price
                                         ------------ ----------------  -----------------

Balance at June 30, 1997                  1,177,415     $0.01-$28.80          10.87
Expired/Cancelled                          (471,832)    $13,75-$28.80         21.94
                                         ------------
Balance at June 30, 1998                    705,583     $0.01-$25.00          $3.47
Exercised                                   (12,500)    $0.01                 $0.01
Expired/Canceled                           (133,283)    $5.00-$15.00          14.40
                                         ------------
Balance at June 30, 1999                    559,800     $0.01-$25.00          $0.94
Exercised                                   (20,000)    $0.75                 $0.75
                                         ------------
Balance at June 30, 2000                    539,800     $0.01-$25.00          $0.95
                                         ============

</TABLE>

At June 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998, the weighted-average remaining contractual life
of outstanding  warrants was 5.2 years,  6.2 years and 4.2 years,  respectively.
All warrants are immediately exercisable for common stock at June 30, 2000.

Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plans

The 1993 Stock Option/Stock  Issuance Plan (the "1993 Plan"),  pursuant to which
key  employees  (including  officers)  and  consultants  of the  Company and the
non-employee members of the Board of Directors may acquire an equity interest in
the Company, was adopted by the Board of Directors on August 31, 1993 and became
effective at that time.

The 1993 Plan provided that up to 400,000 shares of common stock could be issued
over the ten-year term of the 1993 Plan.

The 1997 Stock Option Plan (the "1997  Plan"),  pursuant to which key  employees
(including officers) and consultants of the Company and the non-employee members
of the Board of Directors  may acquire an equity  interest in the  Company,  was
adopted by the Board of Directors  on November 18, 1997 and became  effective at
that time.

An  aggregate  of  3,000,000  shares  of common  stock  may be  issued  over the
five-year  term of the 1997  plan.  Subject to the  oversight  and review of the
Board of  Directors,  the 1997  Plan  shall  generally  be  administered  by the
Company's  Compensation  Committee  consisting  of  at  least  two  non-employee

<PAGE>F-18

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


directors as appointed by the Board of Directors.  The grant date, the number of
shares covered by an option and the terms and conditions for exercise of options
shall be determined by the Committee, subject to the 1997 Plan requirements. The
Board of Directors  shall determine the grant date, the number of shares covered
by an option and the terms and  conditions for exercise of options to be granted
to members of the Committee.

Outstanding  option  activity for the 1993 and the 1997 Plans during the periods
indicated is as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                    <C>             <C>                 <C>

                                          Number of        Range of         Weighted Average
                                           Shares       Exercise Prices      Exercise Price
                                        ------------- -------------------- ------------------

Balance at June 30, 1997                   415,780          $0.75-$13.10          $1.11
Granted                                    240,000          $0.75                 $0.75
Exercised                                  (55,861)         $0.78                 $0.78
Expired/Cancelled                          (30,000)         $0.78                 $0.78
                                        -------------
Balance at June 30, 1998                   569,919          $0.75-$13.10          $1.01
Granted                                     25,000          $0.28                 $0.28
                                        -------------
Balance at June 30, 1999                   594,919          $0.28-$13.10          $0.98
Granted                                    880,000          $0.25-$7.19           $2.72
Exercised                                 (269,919)         $0.25-$1.62           $0.65
Cancelled                                  (25,000)         $0.25                 $0.25
                                        -------------
 Balance at June 30, 2000                 1,180,000         $0.25-$13.10          $2.36
                                        =============

</TABLE>

<PAGE>F-19

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding under
the 1993 and the 1997 Plans at June 30, 2000:

<TABLE>
<S>                  <C>          <C>                 <C>               <C>             <C>

                                                       Weighted Average
Range of Exercise     Options       Weighted Average      Remaining        Options       Weighted Average
      Prices        Outstanding    Exercise Price     Contractual Life   Exercisable      Exercise Price
----------------- --------------- ------------------- ------------------ ------------     ---------------
$    0.25 - 0.28      285,000             $0.25             9.12            25,000           $  0.28
$    0.75 - 0.78      275,000             $0.75             7.51           265,000           $  0.75
$    0.91 - 1.62       85,000             $0.91             6.75            85,000           $  0.91
$    3.00 - 3.75      282,500             $3.69             9.90                 -                 -
$    4.00 - 4.82      155,000             $4.42             9.60           100,000           $  4.44
$    5.88 - 6.63       72,500             $6.43             9.78                 -                 -
$           7.19       15,000             $7.19             9.67                 -                 -
$          13.10       10,000            $13.10             3.83            10,000           $ 13.10
                  --------------                                           ----------
                     1,180,000             $2.36                            485,000          $  1.77
                  ==============                                           ==========

</TABLE>


The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding under
the 1993 and the 1997 Plans at June 30, 1999:

<TABLE>
<S>                 <C>            <C>               <C>                <C>             <C>

                                                      Weighted Average
Range of Exercise    Options       Weighted Average     Remaining          Options      Weighted Average
      Prices       Outstanding      Exercise Price   Contractual Life    Exercisable    Exercise Price
----------------- --------------   ----------------  ------------------ -------------   ----------------
$           0.28      25,000             $0.28             9.05             25,000           $  0.28
$    0.75 - 0.78     469,919             $0.76             7.47            447,919           $  0.76
$    0.91 - 1.62      90,000             $0.95             7.43             90,000           $  0.95
$          13.10      10,000            $13.10             4.79             10,000           $ 13.10
                  -------------                                         -------------
                     594,919             $0.98                             572,919           $  0.98
                  =============                                         =============

</TABLE>

<PAGE>F-20

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding under
the 1993 and the 1997 Plans at June 30, 1998:

<TABLE>
<S>                 <C>             <C>              <C>                 <C>           <C>

                                                     Weighted Average
Range of Exercise      Options      Weighted Average     Remaining          Options      Weighted Average
      Prices         Outstanding     Exercise Price   Contractual Life    Exercisable     Exercise Price
------------------ -------------    ---------------- ------------------  -------------   -----------------
$     0.75-$0.78      469,919        $      0.76            8.47            145,919        $       0.78
$     0.91-$1.62       90,000        $      0.95            8.43              8,333        $       1.37
$          13.10       10,000        $     13.10            5.79             10,000        $      13.10
                    ------------                      -----------------
                      569,919        $      1.01                            164,252        $       1.56
                    ============                      =================

</TABLE>


In addition to options granted pursuant to the 1993 and 1997 Stock  Option/Stock
Issuance  Plans,  the Company has granted options outside these plans. In fiscal
year 1994,  the  Company  granted  to its former  Chief  Executive  Officer  and
director stock options for 400,000  shares of common stock  exercisable at $0.10
per share. Out of these options 370,000 remain  outstanding and are fully vested
as of June 30, 2000. These options expire on August 10, 2003.

In September  1996,  the Board of Directors  granted a  non-statutory  option to
purchase  20,000  shares of the Company's  common stock at an exercise  price of
$2.00 per share to the then Chairman of the Board. The option vests over 3 years
and expires in September 2001.

During fiscal year 2000, in accordance with an employment agreement, the Company
granted the current Chief Executive  Officer stock options for 7,000,000  shares
of common  stock  exercisable  at $3.00 per share,  the fair market value of the
Company's common stock on the date of grant.  These options are not vested as of
June 30, 2000 and will vest ratably over 5 years. They expire on April 14, 2010.

SFAS No. 123 requires presentation of pro forma information regarding net income
(loss) and earnings per share as if the Company had  accounted  for its employee
stock options under the fair value method of that Statement.  The fair value for
ATR options was estimated at the date of grant using the binomial option pricing
model with the following weighted average  assumptions for fiscal years 2000 and
1999:  dividend yield of 0%, an expected life of five years from grant date, and
a risk-free interest rate of 5.0%. There was an expected volatility of 1.271 and
0.959,  respectively  for  fiscal  years 2000 and 1999.  For  fiscal  year 1998,

<PAGE>F-21


dividend  yield was 0% expected life was three years from grant date,  risk-free
interest rate was 6.6% and expected volatility was 0.955.

The model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded  options,
which have no vesting  restrictions and are fully transferable.  It requires the
input of highly  subjective  assumptions,  the quality of which cannot be judged
except by hindsight. The Company's pro forma information follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                            <C>              <C>                <C>

                                                       2000           1999              1998
                                               ----------------  --------------   ----------------

Net loss applicable to common stockholders:
      As reported                              $    (4,938,141)   $   (839,247)   $  (1,366,444)
      Pro forma                                $    (6,224,858)   $   (938,388)   $  (1,477,071)

Basic and diluted net loss per share:
      As reported                              $         (0.10)   $      (0.03)   $       (0.05)
      Pro forma                                $         (0.12)   $      (0.04)   $       (0.06)

</TABLE>


The weighted  average fair value of options  granted during the years ended June
30, 2000, 1999 and 1998 was $2.58, $0.21 and $0.47,  respectively.  Because SFAS
No. 123 is applicable only to options  granted  subsequent to June 30, 1995, its
pro forma effect will not be fully reflected until 2001.

Total compensation cost recognized for stock-based employee  compensation awards
was $77,343 in fiscal year 1999 and $161,720 in fiscal year 1998.  There were no
stock based compensation awards recognized in fiscal year 2000.

Stock Reserved for Issuance

As of June 30, 2000,  the Company has reserved a total of  11,176,973  shares of
common stock pursuant to outstanding warrants,  options,  conversion of Series D
Preferred  Stock,  and future issuance of options to employees and  non-employee
directors

8.  Subsequent Events

On August 28, 2000 the Company  received  gross  proceeds  of  $10,000,000  in a
private  placement of its common  stock at a price of $3.00 per share.  Proceeds
net of offering costs are expected to be approximately $9,600,000. The Company's
Chief Executive  Officer,  Jeffrey S. McCormick and related entities,  purchased
2,333,335 shares of the Company's common stock in the Private Placement. Because

<PAGE>F-22

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

                          JUNE 30, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


the purchase  price of such stock was less than the public  trading price on the
date of  purchase,  the  Company  expects  to  record  compensation  expense  of
approximately $1.5 million in the quarter ending September 30, 2000.

On September 11, 2000,  the Company agreed with one of the note holders of Notes
payable  to  stockholders  to extend the due date on notes  totaling  $2,288,815
including  interest  until  December  31,  2001 in  consideration  of such notes
becoming  convertible  promissory  notes. The convertible  promissory notes bear
interest at 10.25% per annum and are convertible  into common stock at $3.00 per
share at the note  holder's  option.  In addition,  the Company  agreed with the
other note holder to extend the due date on notes totaling $1,511,634  including
interest  until  December 31, 2001 in exchange for an extension fee of 2%. These
notes also bear interest at 10.25% per annum.

Also on  September,  11,  2000,  the Company  agreed with the Series D Preferred
stockholders to exchange all their  outstanding  Series D shares and $475,915 in
accrued preferred stock dividends into 566,972 shares of common stock based on a
purchase price of $3.00 per common share.  The benefit accruing to the Series D
Preferred stockholders of approximately $1.2 million is expected to be recorded
in the quarter ended September 30, 2000.

On August 1, 2000,  Mr.  Cameron  entered into an agreement  with the  Company's
Chief Executive  Officer to grant him the option to purchase 6 million shares of
the Company's  common stock from Mr. Cameron at the purchase price of $3.625 per
share the fair market value of the Company's  stock on that date. This option is
vested  immediately  and can be  exercised  within  three years from the date of
grant.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
