<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>forfye063002.txt
<TEXT>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    Form 10-K
(Mark One)
   [X]    ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
          OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2002

   [ ]    TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
          ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to ____

   Commission file number 0-20468

                     ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.
               (Exact name of issuer as specified in its charter)

                               Delaware 68-0195770
                   (State or other jurisdiction (IRS Employer
              of incorporation or organization) Identification No.)

                     33 Jewell Court, Portsmouth, N.H. 03801
          (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

                                 (603) 501-3200
                (Issuer's telephone number, including area code)

                     Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act:
          Title of Each Class Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
                                      None

              Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act:

                     Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the  preceding 12 months (or for such  shorter  period that the  registrant  was
required  to file  such  reports),  and  (2) has  been  subject  to such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No__

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation  S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,  to the
best of registrant's  knowledge,  in definitive proxy or information  statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [ ]

Aggregate  market  value  of  the  Registrant's  common  voting  stock  held  by
non-affiliates of the Registrant on September 12, 2002 was $38,410,596 (based on
the final trading price on that date).

Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at August 31, 2002:  60,916,017

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Company's  definitive  Proxy Statement for the Company's  Annual
Meeting of  Stockholders  are  incorporated  by reference in Part III. The Proxy
Statement will be filed within 120 days of the Company's fiscal year end.

                      Exhibit index is located on page 24.


<PAGE>



                                     PART I

Item 1.  Business

General

     Alternative  Technology Resources,  Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "ATR,"
the  "Company,"  "we" or "us") has  developed  and is  operating an Exchange for
healthcare  services  ("Healthcare  Exchange").  The  purpose of the  Healthcare
Exchange  is to  utilize  the  Internet  and other  technologies  to  facilitate
Provider initiated discounts and administrative, billing and remittance services
for all commercial lines of business in the healthcare industry.  The Healthcare
Exchange offers a direct and efficient  conduit between Providers and Purchasers
of  healthcare   services  and/or  their  agents,  such  as  Preferred  Provider
Organizations.

     Providers  submit bills to the Company,  who reprices the bills to the rate
set by the Providers,  including adding a  transaction-processing  fee, and then
routes them to Purchasers or their intermediaries. The Company receives payments
from Purchasers on behalf of Providers, and then remits payments to Providers.

     ATR's  Healthcare  Exchange  began  operations  with a  limited  number  of
Providers  and  Purchasers  in the  quarter  ending June 30,  2001.  The Company
continues to receive, process and analyze operating data, and the results of the
Company's analysis will determine the amount and timing of remaining development
related efforts.

     The  Company is  currently  recruiting  medical  doctors,  medical  groups,
hospitals and other health care  practitioners  (collectively,  "Providers")  in
thirty-two  markets in  twenty-two  states to offer their  services  through the
Healthcare  Exchange  to those  who  purchase  or  facilitate  the  purchase  of
healthcare services ("Purchasers").

     The Company has outsourced to multiple  vendors portions of the development
and  operations of the  information  systems for its  Healthcare  Exchange.  The
Company contracts with an application services provider to license,  support and
run software to process  medical  bills  submitted to the  Company's  Healthcare
Exchange.  ATR also works with vendors to receive claims from Providers  through
electronic  clearinghouses and to convert paper claims into electronic  formats.
ATR is evaluating other potential technology vendors as well.

     ATR does not provide  healthcare  services,  but rather expects to act as a
neutral  conduit  for  efficiency  between   Providers,   Purchasers  and  their
intermediaries  including preferred provider organizations,  that should benefit
all. ATR believes that reducing the costs  associated with  traditional  "bricks
and mortar"  operations,  creating  economies of scale,  facilitating  access to
Providers and Purchasers,  streamlining overhead costs, exploiting possibilities
for functional  integration,  reducing errors and speeding the payment of claims
should allow  Purchasers  to pay less and Providers to recover more of what they
bill.

History

     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc. was founded as 3Net Systems, Inc. in
1989. In August 1999, James W. Cameron,  Jr., the Company's largest stockholder,

<PAGE>

was named Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  Under his direction the Company
identified what it believes to be a significant  business  opportunity and began
developing a business model involving the establishment of a Healthcare Exchange
under the name "DoctorandPatient."

     In  February  2000,  Jeffrey  S.  McCormick  assumed  the  position  of the
Company's Chief Executive Officer.  Mr. McCormick has significant  experience in
financing,  managing and growing early stage development companies as a managing
director of Boston-based Saturn Asset Management,  Inc. Mr. McCormick has served
as an advisor or director of several Internet and electronic  commerce companies
over the last six years. As the Company's CEO, Mr.  McCormick is responsible for
all  phases  of  development,  implementation  and  operation  of the  Company's
Healthcare  Exchange.  Mr.  Cameron  still acts as Chairman and Chief  Financial
Officer and continues to play an active and substantial  role in formulating the
Company's business strategy and policy.

     The  Company  is using  its  management's  experience  in  health  care and
information  technology to establish the Healthcare  Exchange,  which has become
the Company's sole focus.  ATR's  Healthcare  Exchange began  operations  with a
limited  number of Providers and Purchasers in the quarter ending June 30, 2001.
The Company  continues to receive,  process and analyze  operating data, and the
results  of the  Company's  analysis  will  determine  the  amount and timing of
remaining  development related efforts.  ATR's previous business was recruiting,
hiring,  and training  foreign  computer  programmers and placing them with U.S.
companies.  In line with the Company's strategy to focus on the establishment of
the  Healthcare  Exchange,   ATR  suspended   recruitment  of  foreign  computer
programmers  in  December  1999 and began  pursuing  the  conversion  of foreign
computer  programmers to become  employees of ATR's  customers.  This conversion
process was complete as of June 30,  2001,  and the Company is no longer in that
business.

Overview of the Industry

     According to the  Healthcare  Financing  Administration  ("HCFA"),  in 1999
health care in the United States was a $1.2 trillion  dollar  industry,  up 5.6%
from  1998 and  comprising  approximately  13% of gross  domestic  product.  The
industry  is   characterized   by  extremely   complex   decision-making,   high
fragmentation,  high  barriers  to entry,  rising  costs and slow  adoption  and
incorporation of many information technologies.  The health care industry's poor
rate of investment in technological innovation has created a system rampant with
inefficiencies. According to the Health Data Directory, less than 39% of private
sector billing claims (including commercial, indemnity, PPO and HMO claims) were
automated in 1999. Even those that are automated  often have  processing  delays
because  of a myriad of  reasons,  including  improper  coding  of  information,
inaccurate data on patients and improper eligibility  information.  Waste in the
acquisition,  delivery and processing of billing and payment for health services
has been widely  reported and  documented.  The Company  believes that there are
gaps and  inefficiencies  in the  purchasing  process  and in billing and claims
processing  systems  creating  a key  business  opportunity  for the  Healthcare
Exchange.

     In its  simplest  form,  health  care can be  described  as the  demand for
services by  individuals  ("Patients")  and the supply of services by Providers,
which include medical doctors,  hospitals,  physical therapists and other health
practitioners. Providers often form groups and practice associations. Purchasers
include  Patients and various forms of third parties,  such as HMO's,  insurance
companies,  Medicare, Medicaid and self-insured employers, that act as purchaser
and payor for services provided to Patients.

     In most  instances,  Patients  are members of a health  service  purchasing
group or pool commonly  offered by Purchasers.  The members'  health coverage is
described  in a plan  that  spells  out what  care is  fully,  partially  or not
covered, rules relating to payment and deductibles,  selection of Providers, use

<PAGE>

of  specialists,   required   permissions,   exclusions  and  so  on.  In  these
circumstances, Patients rarely pay Providers directly except for co-payments and
deductibles that represent only a fraction of the total bill.

     Purchasers pay Providers generally after considerable delay. Provider bills
are reviewed by Purchasers and their managed care companies to verify  Patient's
eligibility, plan group membership, compliance with treatment and billing format
and rules, and other plan provisions.  The Provider's bill often is adjusted for
violations and errors.  Providers,  like their Patients, often do not understand
many health plans and may accept incorrect payment lowered by reductions they do
not understand.

     There    are   a   large    number    of    variations    of   the    above
Patient-Provider-Purchaser relationship - such as HMOs, PPOs, Medicare, Medicare
enrolled   HMOs,   Medicaid  -  all  of  which  involve  some   combination   or
redistribution of some of the functions described.

     In a cash  model,  the Patient  will pay the  Provider  directly.  For many
Americans,  this simple cash model is the only one  possible  for all or much of
their care. In many cases, these individuals may have the financial  wherewithal
to pay for many health services.  However,  Providers  generally do not have the
time, inclination or capability to seek out these cash Patients.

Business Description

     The purpose of the Healthcare Exchange is to utilize the Internet and other
technologies  to facilitate  Provider  initiated  discounts and  administrative,
billing and  remittance  services  for all  commercial  lines of  business.  The
Healthcare  Exchange offers a direct and efficient conduit between Providers and
Purchasers of health care services,  their PPOs' and/or their agents.  Providers
submit bills to the Company, who reprices the bills to the Provider's Healthcare
Exchange rate,  including adding a  transaction-processing  fee, and then routes
them to Purchasers or their  intermediaries.  The Company receives payments from
Purchasers on behalf of Providers, and then remits payments to Providers.

Relationship to the Provider

     The Company has developed the Healthcare Exchange for Providers  (including
Provider  groups) to market their services to Purchasers more  efficiently.  The
Company  believes  eliminating  costs and delays in the billing  process  should
allow  Providers to recover more of what they bill. In the United States,  there
are approximately 750,000 medical doctors,  6,000 hospitals and 539,000 licensed
ancillary  Providers (such as chiropractors,  optometrists,  physical therapists
and physician  assistants)  and suppliers  (such as pharmacies,  durable medical
equipment suppliers, and transportation).  The Company is currently marketing to
and entering into contracts with Providers. A transaction-processing fee will be
added to bills  received  from  Providers  and  routed  to  Purchasers  or their
intermediaries.

Relationship to Purchasers

     The Company has developed the Healthcare  Exchange so Purchasers can access
services offered by Providers. The Company believes eliminating costs and delays
in the billing process should allow Purchasers to reduce costs. The Company will
process  medical  bills  submitted  to  the  Healthcare  Exchange  so as to  add
efficiencies  to the  purchasing  and  processing  function.  We will make these

<PAGE>

additional  services  available to Purchasers on a contractual basis and through
Provider initiated discount offers.  Purchasers may contract with us in order to
receive Providers' offered rates, and in order to lower their costs by receiving
bills  electronically  and  pre-priced.  The goal of this system is to introduce
additional cost certainty and to streamline the billing and payment  process.  A
transaction-processing   fee   will  be   charged   to   Purchasers   or   their
intermediaries.

Relationship to Individual Uninsured and Under Insured Purchasers

     In September  1999, the Company  entered into an agreement with WebMD Corp.
to  develop  a  web-based   portal  through  which   individual   uninsured  and
under-insured  Patients can procure healthcare services.  Currently both parties
are reevaluating this agreement, given changed directions and priorities of each
company.  The agreement has not formally  been modified or  terminated,  nor has
either party proposed any specific changes.  However, neither party is currently
devoting any  substantial  resources to this  project.  (See Note 4 to Financial
Statements.)

Application Services Provider

     The Company signed agreements effective in January 2001 with an application
services provider to license,  support and run software to process medical bills
submitted to the Company's Healthcare Exchange.  The agreements are for a period
of 66 months.  They required payment of an initial base license fee of $250,000,
which is being  amortized  over 66 months,  and start-up  costs,  including data
center set up, training and implementation fees of approximately $145,000, which
were expensed.  The agreements  require  monthly minimum  payments  currently of
about $35,000 and additional fees that are  transaction  based if volumes exceed
levels included in the monthly minimums.

Competition

     The Company's Healthcare Exchange generally will endeavor to cooperate with
certain  established  preferred  provider  organizations,   integrated  delivery
systems  and  health  plans and other  companies  offering  "discount  plans" to
potential Purchasers, and Internet companies.  However, such plans and companies
may  choose to compete  against  the  Healthcare  Exchange  and its  purchasers,
providers  and  affiliated   organizations.   These   industries  are  intensely
competitive and rapidly evolving.

     Increased  competition  in the industry  could result in price  reductions,
reduced gross margins or loss of market share,  which could  seriously  harm the
Company's business and operating  results.  The Company's success depends on the
ability to market the Healthcare  Exchange to potential Providers and Purchasers
and their agents. The Company believes that the principal competitive factors in
this market are health and managed care expertise, data integration and transfer
of  technology,  ability to  persuade  Providers  and  Purchasers  to accept new
technology and new models,  customer service and support and product and service
fees. Competition is expected to increase in the future.

     As a new participant in the health care industry,  the Company's  potential
competitors have longer operating  histories,  significantly  greater financial,
technical,   marketing  and  other  resources  and  significantly  greater  name
recognition.   In   addition,   many   of   the   Company's   competitors   have
well-established   relationships   with  the  Company's  current  and  potential
Purchasers and have extensive  knowledge of the industry.  Current and potential
competitors  have  established or may establish  strategic  relationships  among
themselves or with third  parties to increase the ability of their  products and
services  to address  Purchaser  needs.  These  competitors  may seek and obtain
business  method  patents on  portions of or all their  operations,  which could
effectively  preclude the Company from competing with the most efficient  model.
Also,  other  companies may  implement a similar  strategy.  Accordingly,  it is
possible that new  competitors  or alliances  among  competitors  may emerge and
rapidly acquire significant market share.
<PAGE>

Government Regulation

     The Company's operations are subject to various federal and state laws. The
Company believes that its operations  currently comply with such laws, but there
can be no assurance that subsequent laws, or subsequent  changes in current laws
or legal interpretations, will not adversely affect the Company's operations.

     The Health  Insurance  Portability and  Accountability  Act of 1996 (HIPAA)
will impose obligations previously unknown on the healthcare industry.  HIPAA is
designed to reduce the amount of administrative waste in the healthcare industry
and to protect the privacy of patients' medical  information.  HIPAA establishes
new  requirements  for the  confidentiality  of patient health  information  and
standard formats for the secure transmission of healthcare data among healthcare
providers  and  purchasers.  HIPAA,  among other  things,  will  create  federal
criminal penalties for health plans,  providers and claims  clearinghouses  that
knowingly and improperly disclose  information or obtain information under false
pretenses.  The  regulations  regarding  the  standard  formats  for the  secure
transmission of healthcare  information  will become  effective in October 2002,
but extended to October 2003 if an extension is requested and a compliance  plan
is filed with  Secretary of the  Department  of Health and Human  Services.  The
regulations regarding privacy issues will become effective in April 2003.

     The Company was aware of and tried to  incorporate  HIPAA  requirements  or
their timely adoption as its products and services were developed. We have filed
a compliance plan and a request for extension to October 2003 to comply with the
standard formats requirements.  We are currently reviewing processes, systems or
policies  that  may  require  modification,  and we  are  working  to  implement
appropriate  changes  to avoid any  adverse  impact on our  ability  to  perform
services in accordance  with HIPAA  standards.  We are also  communicating  with
significant  third-party  service  providers to assess their  readiness  and the
extent to which we will need to modify our agreements or relationships with them
to comply with HIPAA standards.

     The cost of this  compliance  effort is estimated to be less than $100,000.
However,  there can be no guarantee  that the costs will not  materially  exceed
this, or that changes in federal  standards would require  expending  additional
resources.

     The   confidentiality   of  patient   records   and  claims  data  and  the
circumstances  under  which  records and data may be released or must be secured
for  inclusion  in  the  Company's  databases  may  be  subject  to  substantial
regulation by state governments. These state laws govern both the disclosure and
the use of confidential patient medical records.  Although compliance with these
laws currently is principally the  responsibility of Providers and health plans,
these  regulations may be extended to cover the business and the claims data and
other  information that are included in the Company's  databases.  If these laws
are  extended to cover the  Company's  business,  the Company may be required to
expend  additional  resources  in order to comply  with  these  laws,  including
changes  to the  Company's  security  practices,  and may be  exposed to greater
liability in the event of failure to comply with these laws.

     The offering of health provider services is subject to extensive regulation
under state laws. Under some state laws, regulators may take the position that a
registration fee for Purchaser access to favorable fees from Providers  requires
meeting the  requirements  for licensing as a health plan or health insurer.  In
addition, to the extent that fees are paid by Providers,  state regulators could

<PAGE>

assert  that the  Company's  Healthcare  Exchange  is a referral  agency,  which
requires  licensing  under  many  state  laws,  or  that  Providers  are  paying
prohibited  referral  fees,  which could  subject the Provider or the Company to
civil or criminal  penalties.  In addition,  the  Company's  relationships  with
Purchasers  may  require  licensing  or  certifications  in some  states.  Also,
although  the Company  does not  currently  anticipate  entering the Medicare or
state Medicaid markets,  similar federal  regulations could adversely impact the
business.  Because the  e-commerce  business is  relatively  new to the provider
network  industry,  the impact of current or future  regulations is difficult to
anticipate.

     As we develop our business plan,  compliance  with or prohibitions by state
regulations could delay or eliminate certain aspects of our business or force us
to modify  our  business,  which  could have a  material  adverse  impact on our
business and prospects.

Human Resources

     At August  31,  2002,  the  Company  had 119  employees,  consisting  of 73
employees  located in  Sacramento,  and 44 employees in satellite  offices in 17
states,  including  California,  and 2 employees in the  Company's  headquarters
located in Portsmouth,  New Hampshire.  This includes Provider Development staff
of 44 that is recruiting  medical  providers for contracting in 32 markets in 22
states for the Healthcare Exchange.

Insurance

     The annual coverage limits for the Company's  general  premises  liability,
professional   liability  and  workers'  compensation   insurance  policies  are
$3,000,000  for  liability   insurance  policies  and  $1,000,000  for  workers'
compensation.  ATR  also  has a  $1,000,000  policy  for  errors  and  omissions
insurance.  Management  believes  such  limits are  adequate  for the  Company's
business;  however,  there can be no assurance  that  potential  claims will not
exceed the limits on these policies.

RISK FACTORS

     An investment in our common stock involves  considerable  risk. In addition
to the other information  contained in this annual report,  you should carefully
consider the following factors in evaluating an investment in the Company.  This
annual  report  contains  forward-looking  statements  that  involve  risks  and
uncertainties.  Our  actual  results  may  differ  materially  from the  results
discussed in such  forward-looking  statements.  Factors that might cause such a
difference   includes  those  discussed   below.   Note  that  this  is  not  an
all-inclusive list of the risks to which we are subject.

We only  have a  limited  operating  history  in the  health  care and  Internet
industries that investors may use to assess our future prospects.

     Although  we have been an  operating  company  in the  computer  programmer
recruiting  and placement  industry for several  years,  we only recently  began
operating  in the  Internet and health care  industries.  We have not  generated
significant  revenues  and may never  generate  sufficient  revenues  to achieve
profitability  in this  new  venture.  We  have  limited  experience  addressing
challenges  frequently  encountered by  early-stage  companies in the electronic
commerce and health care industries.  Accordingly, our limited operating history
does not provide  investors with a meaningful basis for evaluating an investment
in our common stock.

     The  likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the potential
problems,   expenses,   difficulties,   complications   and  delays   frequently

<PAGE>

encountered  in connection  with any  enterprise  starting a new business with a
completely new business plan,  particularly in new and rapidly  evolving markets
such as the Internet. Such risks include an evolving, untested and unpredictable
business  model,  the creation of brand  identity,  the expansion or creation of
competing  services,  the uncertainty of the acceptance of the marketing  medium
and the management of anticipated growth.

Our current  operations  are not profitable and we have a history of significant
losses.

     We have experienced losses since our inception.  Our net loss applicable to
common  stockholders  for the years ended June 30, 2002 and 2001 was  $9,815,906
and  $9,800,897.  As of June 30,  2001 we had  completed  the  phase  out of the
contract  programmer  operations  that  resulted in previous  operating  losses.
However,  there is no assurance we can develop our  Healthcare  Exchange  into a
profitable  and  sustainable  business.  As a result,  the report of independent
auditors  on the  Company's  June 30,  2002  financial  statements  includes  an
explanatory  paragraph indicating there is substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern.  The financial statements do not include
any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and
classification  of assets or the amounts and  classification of liabilities that
may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

We need additional financing.

     Based on the steps the  Company  has taken to refocus  its  operations  and
obtain additional financing, the Company believes that it has developed a viable
plan to address the Company's  ability to continue as a going concern,  and that
this plan will  enable the Company to  continue  as a going  concern  through at
least the end of fiscal  2003.  However,  the  Company  believes it will need to
raise  additional  funds during fiscal 2003. The Company has engaged a placement
agent to assist in the sale of shares of the Company  common  stock in a private
placement.  However  there can be no assurance  that the Company will be able to
raise  sufficient  funds  to  successfully   implement  its  business  plan.  If
unsuccessful  the Company may be required to reduce the  development  efforts of
its  Healthcare  Exchange or be forced into  seeking  protection  under  federal
bankruptcy  laws.  Traditionally,  we  have  relied  on  major  stockholders  or
affiliates to finance our  operations.  However,  there can be no assurance that
they will continue to do so. The issuance of  additional  shares of common stock
will dilute the ownership of existing stockholders.

Our growth  depends on  industry  acceptance  of our health  care  products  and
services.

     The time,  expense  and effort of securing  Purchasers  and  Providers  may
exceed our  expectations  and may  negatively  impact our business and operating
results.  The decision to implement  our  products  and services  requires  time
intensive  education of both  Providers and  Purchasers of the advantages of our
products  and  services.  The  failure of  industry  participants  to accept our
services and products as a  replacement  for  traditional  methods of operations
could limit our revenue growth. We, therefore, will devote significant resources
and incur costs without any assurance  that  sufficient  medical  providers will
join our network or that  Purchasers  will use our products or services.  In the
event that Purchasers do not use our products or services,  we may have incurred
substantial  costs that cannot be recovered  and which will not result in future
revenues.

Our future  revenue  growth depends upon our  establishment  and  maintenance of
successful  relationships  with  Providers  and  strategic  vendors  in order to
attract Purchasers to our products and services.

     We  believe  that  our  future  revenue  growth  depends  in part  upon the
successful creation and maintenance of relationships with Providers,  Purchasers

<PAGE>

and strategic  vendors.  To date we have established  relationships with a small
number of the Providers that we are targeting.  In order to successfully attract
Purchasers,  we may need to have a large number of relationships  with Providers
with diverse  practices and over broad  geographic  areas. We may not be able to
adequately  develop  relationships  with the number of  Providers  necessary  to
achieve  this type of coverage and those  already  existing  relationships  with
Providers may not be ultimately successful.

     The Company signed agreements effective in January 2001 with an application
services provider to license,  support and run software to process medical bills
submitted to the Company's Healthcare  Exchange.  ATR has also signed agreements
to receive  claims from  Providers  through  electronic  clearing  houses and to
convert  paper  claims  into  electronic   formats.   These   relationships  are
non-exclusive.

     In  September  1999,  ATR entered  into an  agreement  with WebMD Corp.  to
develop a web-based  portal through which Patients can procure health  services.
This  relationship  is  nonexclusive  and the status of the project is currently
being reevaluated by the parties.

     We may enter into additional strategic  relationships in the future and are
currently evaluating other potential  technology vendors.  Strategic vendors may
offer products or services of several different  companies,  including  products
and services that compete with our products or services.  Strategic  vendors may
be influenced by our competitors to scale back or end their  relationships  with
us.  We  may  not  establish   additional  strategic   relationships,   and  any
relationships we do establish ultimately may be unsuccessful.

     If we are unable to establish and maintain  successful  relationships  with
Providers  or  strategic  vendors,  we may  have to  devote  substantially  more
resources to the sales and marketing of our products and services.

The failure of our Providers to provide high quality  services will diminish our
brand  value and the number of  Purchasers  who use our  proposed  services  may
decline.

     Promotion  of our brand  value  depends  on our  ability  to provide a high
quality  experience  for  finding  Providers.  If our  Providers  do not provide
Purchasers high quality service,  the value of our services could be damaged and
the number of Purchasers using our proposed  services may decrease.  The failure
by our Providers to provide the level of health care that Purchasers expect will
result in low  satisfaction,  damage to our brand name and could  materially and
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Failure to manage our growth  effectively  could harm our business and operating
results.

     We have hired a  significant  number of new  employees and will continue to
add  personnel  to maintain  our ability to grow in the future.  Our growth will
place  significant  strain  upon our  management  and  operational  systems  and
resources.  We must  integrate our new employees into a cohesive team and at the
same time  increase  the total  number of  employees  and train and  manage  our
employee work force in a timely and effective manner to expand our business.  We
may not be able to do so successfully.

Our  business  could  suffer if the  integrity of our systems and the systems of
those third parties we depend on are inadequate.

     We will  depend on third  parties to develop  significant  portions  of the
information systems for our Healthcare  Exchange.  Any failure of the systems we

<PAGE>

are developing, or those of third parties, could harm our business and operating
results.  We intend for these  systems to process  vast  amounts of pricing  and
financial data and execute large numbers of payment  transactions.  Any delay or
failure in these systems or in our ability to  communicate  electronically  with
Purchasers or in our ability to collect,  store,  analyze or process  accurately
pricing and financial  data may result in the denial of claims,  or in the delay
or failure to execute  payment  transactions  accurately.  This type of delay or
failure would harm our business and operating results.

Our  business  and  reputation  may be harmed if we are  unable to  protect  the
privacy of our confidential health information.

     Our information  systems and Internet  communications  may be vulnerable to
damage from physical break-ins, computer viruses, programming errors, attacks by
computer hackers and similar disruptive  problems.  A user who is able to access
our computer or communication  systems could gain access to confidential  health
information of individuals. Therefore, a material security breach could harm our
business and our reputation or could result in liability to us.

Our future  revenue growth depends in part on increasing use of the Internet and
on the growth of e-commerce.

     Rapid  growth  in the use of the  Internet  is a  recent  phenomenon.  As a
result,  its acceptance and use may not continue to develop at historical  rates
and a sufficiently broad base of business customers and individual customers may
not adopt or continue to use the  Internet as a medium of  commerce.  Demand and
market  acceptance  for  recently  introduced  products  and  services  over the
Internet are subject to a high level of uncertainty,  and there exist few proven
products and services.

     Our future  profitability  depends,  in part,  upon increased  Provider and
Purchaser demand for additional Internet and e-commerce solutions that we are in
the process of developing or may develop in the future.

Our ability to comply with the Health Insurance  Portability and  Accountability
Act of 1996 (HIPAA) could harm our business and operating results.

     The Health  Insurance  Portability and  Accountability  Act of 1996 (HIPAA)
will impose obligations previously unknown on the healthcare industry.  HIPAA is
designed to reduce the amount of administrative waste in the healthcare industry
and to protect the privacy of patients' medical  information.  HIPAA establishes
new  requirements  for the  confidentiality  of patient health  information  and
standard formats for the secure transmission of healthcare data among healthcare
providers  and  purchasers.  HIPAA,  among other  things,  will  create  federal
criminal penalties for health plans,  providers and claims  clearinghouses  that
knowingly and improperly disclose  information or obtain information under false
pretenses.  The  regulations  regarding  the  standard  formats  for the  secure
transmission of healthcare  information  will become  effective in October 2002,
but extended to October 2003 if an extension is requested and a compliance  plan
is filed with  Secretary of the  Department  of Health and Human  Services.  The
regulations regarding privacy issues will become effective in April 2003.

     The Company was aware of and tried to  incorporate  HIPAA  requirements  or
their timely adoption as its products and services were developed. We have filed
a compliance plan and a request for extension to October 2003 to comply with the
standard formats requirements.  We are currently reviewing processes, systems or

<PAGE>

policies  that  may  require  modification,  and we  are  working  to  implement
appropriate  changes  to avoid any  adverse  impact on our  ability  to  perform
services in accordance  with HIPAA  standards.  We are also  communicating  with
significant  third-party  service  providers to assess their  readiness  and the
extent to which we will need to modify our agreements or relationships with them
to comply with HIPAA standards.

     The cost of this  compliance  effort is estimated to be less than $100,000.
However,  there can be no guarantee  that the costs will not  materially  exceed
this, or that changes in federal  standards would require  expending  additional
resources.

State  and  local  laws  regarding   confidentiality   and  security  of  health
information could harm our business and operating results.

     The   confidentiality   of  patient   records   and  claims  data  and  the
circumstances  under  which  records and data may be released or must be secured
for inclusion in our databases may be subject to substantial regulation by state
governments.  These  state  laws  govern  both  the  disclosure  and  the use of
confidential  patient  medical  records.  Although  compliance  with  these laws
currently is principally the responsibility of Providers and health plans, these
regulations  may be extended to cover our business and the claims data and other
information  that we include in our  databases.  If these laws are  extended  to
cover our business,  we may be required to expend additional  resources in order
to comply with these laws, including changes to our security practices,  and may
be exposed to greater liability in the event we fail to comply with these laws.

State laws and regulations  concerning the marketing of health provider services
over the Internet could harm our business and operating results.

     The offering of health provider services is subject to extensive regulation
under state laws. Under some state laws, regulators may take the position that a
registration fee for Purchaser access to favorable fees from Providers  requires
meeting the  requirements  for licensing as a health plan or health insurer.  In
addition, to the extent that fees are paid by Providers,  state regulators could
assert  that the  Company's  Healthcare  Exchange  is a referral  agency,  which
requires  licensing  under  many  state  laws,  or  that  Providers  are  paying
prohibited  referral  fees,  which could  subject the Provider or the Company to
civil or criminal  penalties.  In addition,  the  Company's  relationships  with
Purchasers  may  require  licensing  or  certifications  in some  states.  Also,
although  the Company  does not  currently  anticipate  entering the Medicare or
state Medicaid markets,  similar federal  regulations could adversely impact the
business.  Because the  e-commerce  business is  relatively  new to the provider
network  industry,  the impact of current or future  regulations is difficult to
anticipate.

     As we develop our business plan,  compliance  with or prohibitions by state
regulations could delay or eliminate certain aspects of our business or force us
to modify  our  business,  which  could have a  material  adverse  impact on our
business and prospects.

Internet  commerce has yet to attract  significant  regulation,  but  government
regulations may result in administrative monetary fines, penalties or taxes that
may reduce our future earnings.

     There are  currently  few laws or  regulations  that apply  directly to the
Internet.  Because our business  utilizes the Internet,  the adoption of new (or
applications  of  existing)  local,  state,  national or  international  laws or
regulations  may  decrease  the growth of Internet  usage or the  acceptance  of
Internet commerce which could, in turn, decrease the demand for our services and
increase our costs or otherwise have a material  adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition.
<PAGE>

We face a risk of litigation.

     Although the Company is not currently  involved in any litigation,  we have
been  involved in several  significant  litigation  matters in our  history.  No
assurances can be given that additional legal  proceedings will not be initiated
against us. In addition, involvement in litigation will require us to spend time
and pay expenses to defend  ourselves,  which will have an adverse effect on our
operations  and financial  condition  and results.  The health care and Internet
industry  that we are entering  into may cause us to face an  increased  risk of
litigation.  Patients who file lawsuits against doctors often name as defendants
all persons and companies with any relationship to the doctors.

Our Common Stock price is volatile and could be impacted by fluctuating  results
in the future and by general market conditions.

     Our common  stock  price is volatile  and could be impacted by  fluctuating
results  in the future and by general  market  conditions.  Our common  stock is
quoted and traded on the OTC Bulletin Board and the public market for our common
stock has been limited,  sporadic and highly volatile.  Between July 1, 2001 and
June 30,  2002,  the closing  price of a share of our Common Stock ranged from a
low of $2.00 to a high of $3.70  There can be no  assurance  that a more  active
trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained.

Our executive officers and existing stockholders have significant control.

     Our executive officers,  directors and holders of over five percent (5%) of
our  stock  and  their  affiliates  beneficially  own  approximately  80% of the
outstanding  shares of our common  stock as of June 30,  2002.  As a result,  if
these  holders  act as a group,  they may be able to  control  us and direct our
affairs,  including  the  election of  directors  and  approval  of  significant
corporate  transactions  without further  approval by other  stockholders.  This
concentration of ownership also may delay,  defer or prevent a change in control
of our company,  and make some transactions more difficult or impossible without
the support of these stockholders.

Our stock price may be affected  by the  availability  of shares for sale in the
near  future,  and the  future  sale  of  large  amounts  of our  stock,  or the
perception that such sales could occur, could negatively affect our stock price.

     To finance its operations,  the Company has sold shares of its common stock
and a  convertible  promissory  note  convertible  into common  stock in private
placements to accredited  investors.  Pursuant to these private placements,  the
Company  has agreed to register  the shares of common  stock sold in the private
placement  and  that may be  issued  upon the  conversation  of the  convertible
promissory note with the SEC. In light of our limited trading market, the market
price of our common  stock could drop as a result of sales of a large  number of
restricted shares of our common stock in the market, or the perception that such
sales could occur, due to the shares of common stock being registered for resale
pursuant to a registration statement file with the SEC.

     In  addition,  as of August 31,  2002,  the Company has reserved a total of
11,682,713  shares of common stock  pursuant to outstanding  warrants,  options,
convertible  notes payable to  stockholders,  and future  issuance of options to
employees and  non-employee  directors.  Our outstanding  options,  warrants and
convertible  debt may have a  detrimental  impact on the price of our  shares of
common stock since they may be dilutive to new investors.
<PAGE>


Future issuances of preferred stock could reduce the value of our common stock.

     We are authorized to issue up to 1,200,000  shares of our preferred  stock.
The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series,  on such terms and with
such  rights,  preferences  and  designations  as our  board  of  directors  may
determine,  without action by stockholders.  The issuance of any preferred stock
could adversely  affect the rights of the holders of common stock, and therefore
reduce the value of the common stock. In particular,  specific rights granted to
future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge
with or sell our assets to a third party,  thus making it more  difficult  for a
third party to acquire a majority of our  outstanding  voting stock.  We have no
current plans to issue shares of preferred stock.

We  have  not  paid  dividends,  and  expect  to  retain  our  earnings  for the
foreseeable future.

     We have not paid cash dividends on our common stock since our inception. We
do not  intend to pay cash  dividends  on our  common  stock in the  foreseeable
future so that we may  reinvest  earnings,  if any,  in the  development  of our
business.

Item 2.  Description of Property

     The  Company's  headquarters  are  located in  Portsmouth,  New  Hampshire,
consisting of approximately 2,340 square feet of office space for a monthly rent
of $3,263. The lease commenced December 1, 2000, and runs through May 31, 2003.

     In addition,  the Company has an office located in Sacramento,  California.
The  Company  occupies  approximately  7,523  square  feet of  office  space  in
Sacramento,  which it leases  from Mr.  James W.  Cameron,  Jr.,  the  Company's
Chairman of the Board and majority stockholder, for a monthly rent of $12,131. A
February 1, 2000,  addendum to the lease extended the expiration of the lease to
January 31, 2004.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

     As of  September  12,  2002 the  Company  is not  currently  a party to any
pending legal proceedings.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

     No matters were submitted  during the quarter ended June 30, 2002 to a vote
of security holders.

PART II

Item 5.  Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

     ATR's  common  stock is quoted on the OTC  Bulletin  Board under the symbol
"ATEK."  Transactions  in ATR's  common  stock are subject to the "penny  stock"
disclosure requirements of Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act.
<PAGE>


     The table below sets forth the high and low  closing  prices for the common
stock of the Company for each of the last eight quarters.  Such over the counter
market quotations reflect inter dealer prices without retail mark-up,  mark-down
or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.

                 Period                             High            Low
                 ------                             ----            ---
      Quarter ended September 30, 2000             $4.81           $2.75
      Quarter ended December 31, 2000              $3.38           $1.38
      Quarter ended March 31, 2001                 $2.31           $1.34
      Quarter ended June 30, 2001                  $2.26           $1.90

      Quarter ended September 30, 2001             $3.70           $2.08
      Quarter ended December 31, 2001              $3.09           $2.62
      Quarter ended March 31, 2002                 $3.06           $2.06
      Quarter ended June 30, 2002                  $2.55           $2.00

     As of August 27,  2002,  the Company had  approximately  244 holders of its
shares of common stock,  excluding holders of the Company's common stock held in
street name.

Dividend Policy

     The Company has never paid a cash dividend on its common stock and does not
anticipate paying cash dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable  future.
ATR's Series D preferred stock carried a cumulative  dividend of $0.60 per share
per year until the Series D preferred  stock was  exchanged  for common stock on
September 11, 2000.  On September  11, 2000, in connection  with the exchange of
204,167  shares  Series D preferred  stock,  for 408,334  shares of common stock
based on a per share  price of $3.00 per share,  the  Company  declared  accrued
dividends of $759,110 in the  aggregate.  Of the $759,110 in accrued  dividends,
two of the Series D preferred  stockholders  agreed to accept  158,638 shares of
common stock for $475,915 in accrued dividends based on a $3.00 per share value.

     The Board of  Directors,  on the basis of various  factors,  including  the
Company's results of operations,  financial condition,  capital requirements and
other relevant factors, will determine ATR's future dividend policy.


<PAGE>



Item 6.  Selected Financial Data

     The following table presents a summary of unaudited selected financial data
for each of the five years ended June 30. The data should be read in conjunction
with the Financial  Statements  and related notes included  herein.

                                        Years Ended June 30,
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                             <C>            <C>           <C>             <C>           <C>

                                                                2002           2001          2000           1999           1998

Statement of Operations Data
Healthcare Exchange revenue                              $ 1,642,565   $     50,944    $        -    $         -    $         -
Healthcare Exchange gross profit (loss)                      179,048        (33,584)            -              -              -
Contract  programming  revenue                                     -        308,469     2,561,101      6,340,235      5,250,002
Contract programming gross profit                                  -         62,797       422,062      1,030,893        530,379
Selling, marketing and product development costs          (7,076,558)    (5,097,513)   (1,154,244)          -                 -
General and  administrative  expenses                     (2,482,272)    (3,850,971)   (1,276,726)    (1,223,539)    (1,336,342)
Loss from operations                                      (9,379,782)    (8,919,271)   (2,008,908)      (192,646)      (805,963)
Total other income (expense)                                (436,124)         4,516    (2,806,733)      (524,101)      (437,981)
Net loss                                                  (9,815,906)    (8,914,755)   (4,815,641)      (716,747)    (1,243,944)
Preferred stock dividends                                          -       (886,142)     (122,500)      (122,500)      (122,500)
Net loss  applicable to common  stockholders              (9,815,906)    (9,800,897)   (4,938,141)      (839,247)    (1,366,444)
Basic and diluted net loss per share                          $(0.16)        $(0.17)       $(0.10)        $(0.03)        $(0.05)
Shares used in per share calculation                      59,936,435     58,686,778    50,329,614     26,127,730     25,964,142

Balance Sheet Data
Total assets                                             $ 1,203,309    $ 5,577,658    $2,502,703    $   599,440    $   837,353
Long term obligations                                              -      3,740,450     3,567,424      4,258,090      4,006,565
Accrued preferred stock dividends                            283,195        283,195       735,001        612,501        490,001
Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series D                               -              -     1,225,002      1,225,002      1,225,002
</TABLE>

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
         of Operation

     The  following   discussion   provides   information   to  facilitate   the
understanding  and  assessment of  significant  changes in trends related to the
financial  condition of the Company and its results of operations.  It should be
read  in  conjunction  with  the  audited  financial  statements  and  footnotes
appearing elsewhere in this annual report.

Critical Accounting Policies

     Revenue    Recognition.    The   Company   recognizes   revenue   for   the
transaction-processing  fee  when  earned  and  the  Company  has  substantially
completed all of its obligations under the contract.

     Prepaid  License and Service  Fees.  Prepaid  license and services fees are
recorded at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over the service period.
Management  considers  whether  indicators  of  impairment  of these  assets are
present  at each  balance  sheet date and an  impairment  loss is  recorded,  if

<PAGE>

necessary.  In assessing the recoverability of the Company's prepaid license and
service fees, the Company must make assumptions  regarding estimated future cash
flows and other factors to determine the fair value of the respective assets. If
these estimates or their related  assumptions  change in the future, the Company
may be required to record  impairment  charges for these  assets not  previously
recorded.

Results of Operation

Year ended June 30, 2002 compared to year ended June 30, 2001

Healthcare Exchange

     Healthcare  Exchange  Revenue.  The Company began operations with a limited
number of Providers in the quarter ending June 30, 2001.  Providers submit bills
to ATR,  who  reprices  the  bills to the rate set by the  Providers,  including
adding a transaction-processing fee, and then routes them to Purchasers or their
intermediaries.  ATR receives  payments from  Purchasers on behalf of Providers,
and then remits payments to Providers.  The Company  recognizes  revenue for the
transaction-processing   fee  when  earnedand  the  Company  has   substantially
completed  all of its  obligations  under the  contract.  For fiscal  year 2002,
$1,642,565 of revenue was recognized as compared to $50,944 in fiscal year 2001.
This  increase of  $1,591,621  was primarily due to an increase in the number of
transactions  processed  by  the  Healthcare  Exchange  during  a full  year  of
operations.

     Healthcare  Exchange Costs.  Healthcare Exchange costs are the direct costs
related to the  processing  of the bills  submitted  by  Providers  and payments
received  from  Purchasers.  These  costs  include the salary and other wage and
benefit costs of the Healthcare Exchange operations staff and the operating cost
of the  application  services  provider.  The  costs for  fiscal  year 2002 were
$1,463,517,  an increase of 1,631% over fiscal year 2001 cost of $84,528.  As of
June 30,  2002  there  were 25  operations  staff  members  responsible  for the
processing  of  bills   submitted  by  Providers  and  payments   received  from
Purchasers, compared to 7 operations staff members as of June 30, 2001.

Contract Programming

     ATR's  previous  business  was  recruiting,  hiring,  training  and placing
foreign  computer  programmers with U.S.  companies.  In line with the Company's
strategy to focus on the  establishment  of the  Healthcare  Exchange for health
care  services,  ATR suspended  recruitment of foreign  computer  programmers in
December  1999 and began  pursuing the  conversion  of computer  programmers  to
employees of ATR's  customers.  This conversion  process was complete as of June
30, 2001.

     Contract  Programming   Revenue.   Contract  programming  revenue  resulted
primarily from sales of programmer services.  There was no revenue recognized in
fiscal year 2002 due to the  conversion of all contract  programmers to customer
employees  and the  phase-out  of-contract  programming  services as of June 30,
2001. Revenue of $308,469 were recognized in fiscal year 2001

     Programmer Costs.  Programmer costs represent the salary and other wage and
benefit costs of ATR's programmer  employees.  There were no programmer costs in
fiscal year 2002 due to the  conversion of all contract  programmers to customer
employees  and the  phase-out  of-contract  programming  services as of June 30,
2001. Programmer costs of $235,258 were recognized in fiscal year 2001.


<PAGE>



     Start-up and Other Costs.  Start-up and other costs  represent the costs of
recruiting  fees,  training,  and travel for programmer  employees coming to the
United States from the former Soviet Union for the first time,  relocation costs
within the United  States,  and legal and other costs  related to obtaining  and
maintaining compliance with required visas, postings and notifications. Start-up
and other costs were expensed as incurred.

     Included in this  category of costs is  compensation  paid by ATR  whenever
programmer  employees were hired and entered the United States or were relocated
once in the United  States  but  before  these  programmers  began  working at a
customer's  work site.  There were times when under  immigration  law,  ATR,  as
employer, paid a programmer employee at least 95% of prevailing wages for his or
her specialty even when the programmer was not placed.

     There were no  start-up-and-other-costs  recognized in fiscal year 2002 due
to the  conversion  of all contract  programmers  to customer  employees and the
phase-out   of-contract    programming   services   as   of   June   30,   2001.
Start-up-and-other-costs of $10,414 was recognized in fiscal year 2001.

Selling, Marketing and Product Development Costs

     In October 1999 the Company began incurring costs to develop its Healthcare
Exchange.  Costs incurred are primarily the salary, other wage and benefit costs
of ATR's employees and other  operational  costs  associated with recruiting the
network of healthcare  Providers.  The increase of the sales and marketing staff
from 55 in  fiscal  year 2001 to 77 in fiscal  year  2002  resulted  in the cost
increase of $1,979,045 for fiscal year 2002 as compared to fiscal year 2001.

General and Administrative Expenses

     General and administrative expense decreased $1,368,699 in fiscal year 2002
compared to fiscal year 2001.  This decrease was primarily due to non-cash stock
based compensation expense of $1,931,036 related to the purchase of common stock
in the Company's August 2000 private  placement by the Company's Chief Executive
Officer and related  entities and non-cash  compensation  due to  conversion  of
Series D Preferred  Stock into  common  stock by the  Company's  Chairman of the
Board in fiscal  year 2001.  This was  partially  offset by an  increase  in the
number of employees and related costs to support the  Healthcare  Exchange,  and
non-cash  compensation  expense of  $138,583  related to the  purchase of common
stock by the Company's Chairman.

Other Income (Expense)

     Interest  Income.  Interest income  decreased  $405,179 in fiscal year 2002
compared  to fiscal  year 2001  primarily  due to a  decrease  of  average  cash
balances generating interest income in fiscal year 2002.

     Interest  Expense.  Interest expense  increased $35,461 in fiscal year 2002
compared  to  fiscal  year  2001  due  to  the  increase  in  Notes  Payable  to
Stockholders  and  Convertible  Notes Payable to  Stockholders,  and interest of
$31,076 paid on Provider  claims when payment is received from the Purchaser and
paid to the Provider later than 21 days of receiving a claim in accordance  with
the terms of the Provider contracts.


<PAGE>


Year ended June 30, 2001 compared to year ended June 30, 2000

Healthcare Exchange

     Healthcare  Exchange  Revenue.  The Company began operations with a limited
number of  Providers  in the quarter  ending June 30,  2001.  During the quarter
ending June 30, 2001,  the first quarter of  operations,  $50,944 of revenue was
recognized.

     Healthcare  Exchange Costs.  Healthcare Exchange costs are the direct costs
related to the  processing  of the bills  submitted  by  Providers  and payments
received from Purchasers.  The costs for fiscal year 2001 were $84,528.  No such
costs were incurred in fiscal year 2000.

Contract Programming

     Contract  Programming   Revenue.   Contract  programming  revenue  resulted
primarily from sales of programmer services. Revenue decreased $2,252,632 or 88%
in fiscal year 2001  compared to fiscal year 2000.  This  decrease  was due to a
reduction  in the  monthly  average  number of contract  programmers  working at
customer sites in fiscal year 2001 compared to fiscal year 2000. This decline in
the number of programmers at customer sites,  started in the last half of fiscal
year  1999,  was due to  several  customers  choosing  to  exercise  a  contract
termination   provision  which  allowed  them  to  convert,  for  a  fee,  ATR's
programmers to their employees.  The Company  escalated this conversion  process
during  fiscal years 2000 and 2001 to enable it to focus its  business  strategy
toward developing its Healthcare Exchange.

     As of June  30,  2001,  all  contract  programmers  had been  converted  to
customer employees.  The phase out of contract  programming services is complete
and all expenses have been incurred.

     Contract  Termination  Fees.  Contract  termination fees represent  amounts
received  from  customers  when they  exercised  the contract  provision,  which
allowed them to convert ATR's programmer to their employee.  In addition,  these
fees were also received from  programmers  when they  exercised  their  contract
provision  to  terminate  their  relationship  with  the  Company  prior  to the
termination  date of their  contract.  These  fee  amounts  were  stipulated  in
customer and  programmer  contracts,  were based on the length of time remaining
under the contract, and were recognized as revenue when such contract provisions
were invoked.

     Programmer Costs.  Programmer costs represent the salary and other wage and
benefit costs of ATR's programmer employees. These costs decreased by $1,509,753
or 87% in fiscal  year 2001  compared  to fiscal year 2000.  This  decrease  was
primarily due to the reduction in the number of contract  programmers working at
customer sites as discussed above in "Contract Programming Revenue".

     Start-up and Other Costs.  Start-up and other costs  represent the costs of
recruiting  fees,  training,  and travel for programmer  employees coming to the
United States from the former Soviet Union for the first time,  relocation costs
within the United  States,  and legal and other costs  related to obtaining  and
maintaining compliance with required visas, postings and notifications. Start-up
and other costs were expensed as incurred.

     Start-up and other costs  decreased  $389,067 or 97% in fiscal year 2001 as
compared to fiscal year 2000.  This decrease was due to a decrease in the number
of programmers  who were in the United States but not working at customer sites.
In fiscal year 2001 there were no programmers  temporarily unassigned compare to
2 in fiscal year 2000.
<PAGE>

Product Development Costs

     In October 1999 the Company began incurring costs to develop its Healthcare
Exchange.  Costs incurred are primarily the salary, other wage and benefit costs
of ATR's employees and other  operational  costs  associated with recruiting the
network of healthcare  Providers.  The increase of the sales and marketing staff
from 23 in  fiscal  year 2000 to 55 in fiscal  year  2001  resulted  in the cost
increase of $3,943,269 for fiscal year 2001 as compared to fiscal year 2000.

General and Administrative Expenses

     General and administrative expense increased $2,574,245 in fiscal year 2001
compared to fiscal year 2000.  This increase was primarily due to non-cash stock
based  compensation  expense of  $1,931,036  and costs  relating to increases in
support staff, licensing and consulting fees and rent and facilities for the New
Hampshire headquarters.

Other Income (Expense)

     Interest  Income.  Interest income  increased  $360,070 in fiscal year 2001
compared to fiscal year 2000 primarily due to increased  interest  income earned
on higher  average cash balances as a result of funds  received from the sale of
our common stock in August 2000.

     Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased $2,451,179 in fiscal year 2001
compared  to fiscal  year 2000 due to the  charges  recorded  as a result of the
benefit  accruing to the note holders from amending the conversion  terms of the
$1,000,000 convertible note in fiscal year 2000.

Income Taxes

     As of June 30, 2002 the Company had net operating  loss  carryforwards  for
federal and state income tax purposes of approximately  $46,119,000  million and
$26,245,000 million,  respectively. The federal net operating loss carryforwards
expire  in 2004  through  2022 and the state net  operating  loss  carryforwards
expire in 2002  through  2022.  The Company also has  approximately  $98,000 and
$25,000 of research and  development  tax credit  carryforwards  for federal and
state income tax purposes,  respectively.  The federal  research and development
tax credit carryforwards expire in 2005.

     In connection with the Company's  initial public offering in August 1992, a
change of ownership  (as defined in Section 382 of the Internal  Revenue Code of
1986, as amended)  occurred.  As a result,  the  Company's  net  operating  loss
carryforwards  generated through August 20, 1992 (approximately  $1,900,000) are
subject to an annual limitation in the amount of approximately $300,000.

     In 1993,  a  controlling  interest of the  Company's  stock was  purchased,
resulting in a second annual limitation in the amount of approximately  $398,000
on the Company's ability to utilize net operating loss  carryforwards  generated
between August 11, 1992 and September 13, 1993 (approximately $7,700,000).

     In accordance  with  provisions  of the Internal  Revenue Code Section 382,
additional portions of the net operating loss carryforwards may be disallowed as
a result of additional changes in ownership of the Company.
<PAGE>

     The Company expects the  aforementioned  annual  limitations will result in
net  operating  loss  carryovers,  which  will  not  be  utilized  prior  to the
expiration of the carryover period.

 Liquidity and Capital Resources

     For the fiscal year ending June 30, 2002,  the Company  earned  revenues of
$1,642,565 but incurred a net loss of $9,815,906. Until the Company can generate
sufficient  revenue to finance its  operations,  the  Company  will have to seek
other financing. Traditionally, the Company has used a combination of equity and
debt  financing  and  revenue  generated  to fund  operations  but has  incurred
operating  losses  since its  inception,  which has  resulted in an  accumulated
deficit of $59,362,879 at June 30, 2002.

     The  Company's   Healthcare  Exchange   development  efforts  will  require
substantial funds prior to generating sufficient revenues to fund operations and
repay debt. The Company  believes that it has developed a viable plan to address
the Company's  ability to continue as a going  concern,  and that this plan will
enable the Company to continue as a going  concern,  at least through the end of
fiscal year 2003. However, the Company believes it will need to raise additional
funds during fiscal 2003. The Company has engaged a placement agent to assist in
the sale of shares of the Company common stock in a private  placement.  However
there can be no  assurance  that the  Company  will be able to raise  sufficient
funds to successfully  implement its business plan.  Traditionally,  the Company
has  relied on major  stockholders  or  affiliates  to finance  its  operations.
However,  there  can be no  assurance  that  they  will  continue  to do so.  If
unsuccessful  the Company may be required to reduce the  development  efforts of
its  Healthcare  Exchange or be forced into  seeking  protection  under  federal
bankruptcy  laws.  As a  result,  the  report  of  independent  auditors  on the
Company's June 30, 2002 financial  statements includes an explanatory  paragraph
indicating there is substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as
a going  concern.  The financial  statements do not include any  adjustments  to
reflect the possible future effects on the  recoverability and classification of
assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the
outcome of this uncertainty.

     During the period  between  January 9, 2002 and March 28, 2002, the Company
sold  1,232,585  shares of its  common  stock at a  purchase  price of $2.25 per
share. The shares of common stock issued in the private placement are restricted
securities.  Further pursuant to the private placement, in the event that within
one year from the final  closing the Company  sells shares of common  stock,  or
securities  exercisable or convertible  into common stock,  at a price less than
$2.25 per share, the Company will issue additional  shares to these investors in
an amount  such that the  overall  purchase  price  will be equal to the  lower,
subsequent  sales price.  The forgoing  shall  exclude  common stock that may be
issued in connection with a merger,  as a dividend,  pursuant to the exercise of
outstanding options,  warrants and other convertible  securities and pursuant to
options  subsequently  issued to employees.  Net proceeds from the offering were
$2,742,519. The proceeds from the private placement were used to fund operations
and repay debt. The Company's  Chairman and Chief  Financial  Officer  purchased
222,222 shares of the Company's common stock in the private  placement.  Because
the purchase  price of such stock was less than the public  trading price on the
date of purchase,  the Company recorded  compensation expense of $138,583 during
fiscal year 2002.

     Subsequent  to  year-end,  the Company has  received  short-term  unsecured
financing in the form of a  convertible  note of  $1,000,000 as of July 26, 2002
from a lender.  This note bears interest at 8% and is payable at the earliest of
July 25, 2003 or when the  Company,  in a proposed  Private  Placement of Common
Stock offering, raises $8,000,000.  All or a portion of the convertible note may

<PAGE>

be converted  into shares of common stock at the lower of $2.25 per share or the
subscription per share price of the proposed Private  Placement of Common Stock.
In consideration for the loan the Company will issue three warrants. The Company
will issue to the lender one warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock.
The lender  will also  receive a second  warrant to purchase  100,000  shares of
common  stock that may only be  exercisable  if the  Company  does not repay the
convertible note within 180 days of the agreement.  The lender will also receive
a third  warrant  to  purchase  100,000  shares  of  common  stock  that  may be
exercisable if the Company does not repay the  convertible  note within one year
of the agreement.  Each of the warrants will have an exercise price equal to the
lower of $2.14 or the  subscription  per  share  price of the  proposed  Private
Placement of Common Stock.  When,  and if,  exercisable  the lender may exercise
these warrants through July 26, 2009.

     During fiscal year 2002,  the Company issued 284,200 shares of common stock
pursuant to the exercise of warrants for the amount of $213,150.

     On August 28, 2000, the Company sold  3,333,334  shares of its common stock
at  $3.00  per  share.  Proceeds,  net of  offering  costs,  were  approximately
$9,560,345. Proceeds were used to develop the Company's Healthcare Exchange. The
Company's  Chief  Executive  Officer and related  entities  purchased  2,333,335
shares of the  Company's  common  stock in the  private  placement.  Because the
purchase  price of such stock was less than the public trading price on the date
of purchase,  the Company  recorded  compensation  expense of  $1,458,334 in the
first fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2000.

     During fiscal year 2000, the Company  received  $3,712,348 in private sales
of its common stock at an average price of $3.42 per share.

     On  September,  11,  2000,  the Company  agreed with the Series D Preferred
stockholders to exchange all their  outstanding  Series D shares and $475,915 in
accrued preferred stock dividends into 566,972 shares of common stock based on a
purchase price of $3.00 per common share.  The benefit  accruing to the Series D
Preferred  stockholders  was recorded in the quarter  ended  September 30, 2000,
approximately  $316,702 in compensation  expense and $862,000 in preferred stock
dividends.

     The  Company  has  received  short-term,  unsecured  financing  to fund its
operations in the form of notes payable of $4,636,352 as of June 30, 2002,  from
Mr.  Cameron and another  stockholder.  These notes bear interest at 10.25%.  On
September 1, 2001, the Company agreed with Mr. Cameron to extend the due date on
notes payable to him until December 31, 2002 in exchange for an extension fee of
2%.  These  extended  notes total  $1,630,529,  including  accrued  interest and
extension fees, and bear interest at 10.25% per annum. During the quarter ending
June 30, 2002,  Mr. Cameron  loaned the Company an additional  $582,000  bearing
interest at 10.25%  payable on December  31, 2002.  On  September  1, 2001,  the
Company  agreed  with  the  other  note  holder  to  extend  the due date of his
convertible   promissory  notes  until  December  31,  2002.  These  convertible
promissory notes total $2,423,823,  including accrued interest, bear interest at
10.25% per annum and are convertible into common stock at $3.00 per share at the
note holder's option. Subsequent to fiscal year end 2002, Mr. Cameron loaned the
Company an additional  $426,000  bearing  interest at 10.25% payable on December
31, 2002.

     On April 21,  1997,  the Company  issued an  unsecured  note  payable  (the
"Straight   Note")  to  Mr.  Cameron  for  $1,000,000  in  accordance  with  the
Reimbursement  Agreement  the Company  signed on February 28, 1994.  No maturity
date was  stated in the  note;  however,  under  the terms of the  Reimbursement
Agreement,  upon written  demand by Mr.  Cameron,  the  Straight  Note was to be

<PAGE>

replaced by a note convertible into the Company's common stock (the "Convertible
Note") in a principal  amount equal to the Straight Note and bearing interest at
9.5%.  Subsequent  to June 30, 1999,  Mr.  Cameron  disposed of a portion of his
interest in the Straight  Note,  reducing the balance due him to $711,885,  plus
accrued  interest.  On August 19, 1999, the Company's Board of Directors  agreed
with the Straight Note holders to fix the  conversion  price of the  Convertible
Note to $0.044 in exchange for the Straight and/or  Convertible Notes ceasing to
accrue  interest as of that date.  Because of the decline in revenues  caused by
the  non-renewal  of programmer  contracts and the steady  decline in the quoted
value of the Company's  common stock at that time (trading price was at $0.25 on
August 19, 1999), the Board agreed it was in the best interest of the Company to
eliminate the future market risk that the  conversion  price become lower than a
fixed  conversion  price of $0.044.  The benefit  accruing  to the note  holders
resulting from the amendment to the conversion  terms, as measured on August 19,
1999,  was  approximately  $2.4 million and was recorded as additional  interest
expense in the quarter ended September 30, 1999.  Subsequent to August 19, 1999,
Mr.  Cameron  elected to replace his  remaining  interest in the Straight  Note,
including  accrued interest,  with the Convertible Note and then  simultaneously
converted the Convertible  Note into 19,762,786  shares of the Company's  common
stock.  All other  Straight Note holders also  replaced  their  Straight  Notes,
including   accrued   interest,   with  Convertible  Notes  and  converted  such
Convertible  Notes into an aggregate of 7,998,411 shares of the Company's common
stock during fiscal 2000.

     The  following  table  represents  the  debt  requirements   pertaining  to
contractual obligations of the Company over the next five years:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                 <C>               <C>            <C>             <C>           <C>

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contractual Obligations                                                    Payments Due by Period
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    Total         Less than 1      1-3 years       4-5 years      After 5
                                                                      year                                         years
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notes payable to stockholder                  $ 2,212,529       $   2,212,529    $         -     $         -  $         -

Convertible notes payable to stockholder        2,423,823           2,423,823              -               -            -

Operating  leases -  facilities - payable to
stockholder                                       222,722             147,753         74,969               -            -

Operating leases - equipment                      165,277              51,641        101,528          12,108            -

Application services provider                   1,618,824             404,706      1,214,118               -            -

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total contractual cash obligations            $   6,643,175      $   5,240,452   $   1,390,615   $      12,108  $       -
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

     In July 2001, the Financial  Accounting  Standards Boards issued Statements
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141, "Business  Combinations," or SFAS 141
and No. 142,  "Goodwill  and Other  Intangible  Assets,"  or SFAS 142.  SFAS 141
requires  that the  purchase  method  of  accounting  be used  for all  business
combinations  initiated  after June 30,  2001.  Use of the  pooling-of-interests
method is no longer  permitted.  SFAS 141 also includes  guidance on the initial
recognition and measurement of goodwill and other intangible  assets acquired in
a business combination that is completed after June 30, 2001. SFAS 142 no longer
permits the  amortization of goodwill and  indefinite-lived  intangible  assets.
Instead,  these  assets  must be reviewed  annually  (or more  frequently  under
certain conditions) for impairment in accordance with this statement. Intangible
assets that do not have  indefinite  lives will  continue to be  amortized  over
their useful  lives and reviewed for  impairment  in  accordance  with  existing
guidance.  We are required to adopt SFAS 142 effective July 1, 2002. Because the



<PAGE>

Company  has  historically  not been  party  to any  business  combinations  and
therefore has not recorded related goodwill and intangible  assets, the adoption
of SFAS  141  and  142 did not  have  an  effect  on the  Company's  results  of
operations, financial position or cash flows.

     In October 2001,  the FASB issued  Statement No. 144,  "Accounting  for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived  Assets"  (SFAS 144).  SFAS 144  supersedes
SFAS 121,  however it  retains  the  fundamental  provisions  of that  statement
related to the  recognition  and  measurement  of the  impairment  of long-lived
assets to be "held  and  used."  Among  other  things,  SFAS 144  provides  more
guidance on estimating  cash flows when  performing a  recoverability  test. The
Company will adopt SFAS 144 effective July 1, 2002. The adoption of SFAS 144 did
not have an effect on the Company's results of operations,  financial  condition
or cash flows.

Effects of Inflation

     Management  does not  expect  inflation  to have a  material  effect on the
Company's operating expenses.

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

     The Company has notes payable in the  aggregate  amount of $4,636,352 as of
June 30,  2002,  payable to two  stockholders  of the  Company.  The notes bears
interest at 10.25% per annum and are due December 31, 2002. The Company does not
believe  that any change in  interest  rates will have a material  impact on the
Company during fiscal 2003.  Further,  the Company has no foreign operations and
therefore is not subject to foreign currency fluctuations.

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

     The financial  statements  of the Company,  including the notes thereto and
report of the independent  auditors  thereon,  and the  supplementary  financial
information required by Item 302, are attached hereby as exhibits following page
number 27.

Item 9.  Changes   in  and  Disagreements  with  Accountants  on  Accounting and
         Financial Disclosure

     Not applicable.

PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Company

     The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Captions "Election of Directors",  "Further Information  concerning the Board of
Directors" and "Section 16 (a)  Information" of the Company's  definitive  Proxy
Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed within 120
days of the Company's fiscal year end.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation

     The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Caption "Principal Stockholders" of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for
the Annual Meeting of  Stockholders,  which will be filed within 120 days of the
Company's fiscal year end.


<PAGE>

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

     The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Caption "Principal Stockholders" of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for
the Annual Meeting of  Stockholders,  which will be filed within 120 days of the
Company's fiscal year end.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

     The  information  required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
Caption  "Certain  Relationships  and  Related  Transactions"  of the  Company's
definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders  which will be
filed within 120 days of the Company's fiscal year end.

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

         Exhibit
         Number       Description of Document

         3.1      Second   Amended   and   Restated  Bylaws  of  the  Registrant
                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3  to Amendment  No. 1
                  to Registration Statement on Form S-18, Reg. No. 33-48666).

         3.2      Amendment  to  Second  Amended  and  Restated  Bylaws  of  the
                  Registrant  (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the
                  Registrant's Annual Report  on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year
                  ended June 30, 1994).

         3.3      Amended  and  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation  of the
                  Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3  of  Form
                  10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1997).

         4.1      Amended  and  Restated   Certificate   of   Incorporation   of
                  Registrant, including Certificates of Designation with respect
                  to  Series  A,  Series  B,  Series  C,  Series D, and Series E
                  Preferred   Stock,   including    any    amendments    thereto
                  (incorporated   by   reference  to Exhibit 4.1 to Registration
                  Statement on Form S-3, Reg. No. 33-86962).

         10.1     Form   of   Director  and  Executive  Officer  Indemnification
                  Agreement  (incorporated   by  reference  to Exhibit  10.19 to
                  Registration Statement on Form S-18, Reg. No. 33-48666).

         10.11+   1993  Stock  Option/Stock  Issuance  Plan  (incorporated    by
                  reference  to Exhibit 10.47 to Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year
                  ended June 30, 1994).

         10.12+   Stock  Option  Agreement,  dated  August 11, 1993, between the
                  Registrant and Russell J. Harrison (incorporated  by reference
                  to Exhibit 10.51 to Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June
                  30, 1994).

         10.18    Note Payable between the Registrant  and the Negri  Foundation
                  dated December 24, 1996 (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit
                  10.60 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).


<PAGE>

         10.19    Note  Payable between the Registrant and the Negri  Foundation
                  dated December 31, 1996  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                  10.61 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

         10.20    Note Payable  between  the Registrant  and the Max Negri Trust
                  dated December 31, 1996 (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit
                  10.62 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

         10.21    Note Payable between the Registrant and the Cameron Foundation
                  dated December 31, 1996 (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit
                  10.63 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended December 31, 1996).

         10.22    Note Payable between the Registrant and the James W.  Cameron,
                  Jr., as an  individual, dated  December 31, 1996 (incorporated
                  by  reference  to Exhibit 10.64 to Form 10-QSB for the quarter
                  ended December 31, 1996).

         10.23    Note Payable between  the  Registrant  and  James W.  Cameron,
                  Jr., as an individual, dated January 16, 1997 (incorporated by
                  reference  to  Exhibit  10.65  to  Form 10-QSB for the quarter
                  ended December 31, 1996).

         10.24    Note Payable between  the  Registrant  and  James W.  Cameron,
                  Jr., as an individual, dated January 31, 1997 (incorporated by
                  reference  to  Exhibit 10.66  to Form  10-QSB for  the quarter
                  ended December 31, 1996).

         10.25    Note Payable between the Registrant and James W. Cameron, Jr.,
                  as  an  individual,  dated February 7, 1997  (incorporated  by
                  reference  to  Exhibit  10.67  to  Form 10-QSB for the quarter
                  ended December 31, 1996).

         10.29    Note Payable  between  the  Registrant  and  James W. Cameron,
                  Jr.,  dated  April  21, 1997  (incorporated  by  reference  to
                  Exhibit 10.29  to  Form  10-KSB  for  the  year ended June 30,
                  1997).

         10.33+   Alternative Technology Resources, Inc. 1997  Stock Option Plan
                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Form 10-KSB for
                  the year ended June 30, 1998).

         10.34    Memorandum  regarding  rent  reduction  on  that Lease between
                  James W. Cameron, Jr., and the Registrant, dated July 15, 1998
                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Form 10-KSB for
                  the year ended June 30, 1998).

         10.35    Fourth Addendum  to  Lease between  James W. Cameron, Jr., and
                  the  Registrant,  effective  January 1, 1999 (incorporated  by
                  reference  to  Exhibit 10.35  to  Form  10-QSB for the quarter
                  ended March 31, 1999).

         10.36    Fifth Addendum to Lease between James W. Cameron, Jr., and the
                  Registrant,   effective   January   1,  2000 (incorporated  by
                  reference  to  Exhibit 10.36 to Form 10-KSB for the year ended
                  June 30, 2000).


<PAGE>

         10.37    Healtheon  Customer  Agreement  effective  September  16, 1999
                  (incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Form 10-K for
                  the year ended June 30, 2001).

         10.38    Employment Agreement with Jeffrey McCormick.  (Incorporated by
                  reference  to Exhibit 10.38 to Form 10-K for year end June 30,
                  2001.)

         10.40    Master  Agreement for Computer  Software  Products and Related
                  Services between Alternative  Technology  Resources,  Inc. and
                  Resource  Information  Management  Systems, Inc. (incorporated
                  by reference to Exhibit  10.40 to Form 10-Q for the  quarterly
                  period ended December 31, 2000).

          23.1    Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors

          99.1    Chief Executive Officer Certification

          99.2    Chief Financial Officer Certification


          + Indicates  a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement
as required by Item 13(a).

Financial Statement Schedules

     All  schedules  have been omitted  because they are not required or are not
applicable or the required  information is shown in the financial  statements or
related notes

Reports on Form 8-K

     There  were no reports  on Form 8-K filed  during  the last  quarter of the
period covered by this report.


<PAGE>




                                   SIGNATURES


     In accordance  with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.


Dated:       September 20, 2002           ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES, INC.





                                          By  /S/ JEFFREY S. MCCORMICK
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Jeffrey S. McCormick.
                                            Chief Executive Officer


     In  accordance  with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by
the following  persons on behalf of the  Registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.


Signature                   Title                             Date
---------                   -----                             ----


/S/ JAMES W. CAMERON, JR.   Chairman of the Board, Director   September 20, 2002
------------------------    And Chief Financial Officer
James W. Cameron, Jr.


/S/ EDWARD L. LAMMERDING    Director                          September 20, 2002
------------------------
Edward L. Lammerding


/S/ JEFFREY S. MCCORMICK    Director                          September 20, 2002
------------------------
Jeffrey S. McCormick


<PAGE>




                          INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.



                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors............................F-1
Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2002 and 2001..................................F-2
Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000....F-3
Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended June 30,
 2002, 2001 and 2000.........................................................F-4
Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000....F-5
Notes to Financial Statements................................................F-7



<PAGE>




                Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors

The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

     We have audited the accompanying  balance sheets of Alternative  Technology
Resources,  Inc. as of June 30, 2002 and 2001,  and the  related  statements  of
operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three
years in the period  ended June 30, 2002.  These  financial  statements  are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

     We conducted our audits in accordance  with  auditing  standards  generally
accepted in the United States.  Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An
audit also includes  assessing the accounting  principles  used and  significant
estimates  made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial
statement  presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable  basis
for our opinion.

     In our opinion,  the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material  respects,  the  financial  position of  Alternative  Technology
Resources,  Inc. at June 30, 2002 and 2001 and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the three years in the period  ended June 30, 2002 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

     The  accompanying  financial  statements  have been prepared  assuming that
Alternative Technology Resources, Inc. will continue as a going concern. As more
fully described in Note 1, the Company has incurred  recurring  operating losses
and has an  accumulated  deficit  of  $59,362,879  as of June  30,  2002.  These
conditions raise  substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a
going concern.  Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1. The financial  statements do not include any  adjustments  to reflect
the possible future effects on the  recoverability  and classification of assets
or the  amounts  and  classification  of  liabilities  that may result  from the
outcome of this uncertainty.



                                                           /S/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Sacramento, California
August 16, 2002



<PAGE>


                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

                                 Balance Sheets

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                                          <C>                   <C>

                                                                                                        June 30,
                                                                                            2002                   2001
                                                                                            ----                   ----
                                      Assets
                                      ------
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                            $     402,291          $  3,159,017
  Short-term investments                                                                           -             1,354,137
  Trade accounts receivable                                                                    3,602                24,252
  Interest receivable                                                                              -                52,134
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                   81,223               267,635
                                                                                       -----------------------------------
Total current assets                                                                         487,116             4,857,175

Property and equipment:
  Equipment and software                                                                     788,192               501,626
  Accumulated depreciation and amortization                                                 (297,987)             (107,848)
                                                                                       -----------------------------------
  Property and equipment, net                                                                490,205               393,778

Prepaid license and service fees                                                             211,498               259,155
Other non-current assets                                                                      14,490                67,550
                                                                                       -----------------------------------

                                                                                       $   1,203,309          $  5,577,658
                                                                                       ===================================

                  Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)
                  ----------------------------------------------
Current liabilities:
  Payable to Healthcare Exchange providers                                             $     409,738          $     40,756
  Trade accounts payable                                                                     438,460               151,371
  Accrued payroll and related expenses                                                       274,777               181,028
  Accrued preferred stock dividends                                                          283,195               283,195
  Accounts payable and accrued interest payable to stockholders                              797,232               728,941
  Notes payable to stockholder                                                             2,212,529                     -
  Convertible notes payable to stockholder                                                 2,423,823                     -
  Other current liabilities                                                                  254,469               295,680
                                                                                       -----------------------------------
Total current liabilities                                                                  7,094,223             1,680,971

Long term notes payable to stockholder                                                             -             1,511,635
Long term convertible notes payable to stockholder                                                 -             2,228,815
                                                                                       -----------------------------------
Total long term liabilities                                                                        -             3,740,450

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 1 and 6)

Stockholders' equity (deficit):
  Convertible preferred stock, $6.00 par value - 1,200,000 shares authorized,
     none issued and outstanding at June 30, 2002 and 2001, 204,167 shares designated
     Series D, none issued and outstanding at June 30, 2002 and 2001
  Common stock, $0.01 par value - 100,000,000 shares authorized
     60,968,213 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2002 (59,394,844 at
     June 30, 2001)                                                                          609,682               593,949
  Additional paid-in capital                                                              52,862,283            49,109,283
  Accumulated deficit                                                                    (59,362,879)          (49,546,973)
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                             -                   (22)
                                                                                       -----------------------------------
Total stockholders' equity (deficit)                                                      (5,890,914)              156,237
                                                                                       -----------------------------------
                                                                                       $   1,203,309           $ 5,577,658
                                                                                       ===================================
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


<PAGE>


                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

                            Statements of Operations

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                              <C>                      <C>                   <C>

                                                                              Years Ended June 30,
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 2002                     2001                 2000
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------
Healthcare Exchange
      Healthcare Exchange revenue                      $    1,642,565          $        50,944        $           -
      Healthcare Exchange costs                            (1,463,517)                 (84,528)                   -
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------
Healthcare Exchange gross profit (loss)                       179,048                  (33,584)                   -

Contract Programming:
      Contract programming revenue                                  -                  308,469            2,561,101
      Contract termination fees                                     -                        -                5,453
      Programmer costs                                              -                 (235,258)          (1,745,011)
      Start-up and other costs                                      -                  (10,414)            (399,481)
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------
Contract programming gross profit                                   -                   62,797              422,062

Selling, marketing & product development costs             (7,076,558)              (5,097,513)          (1,154,244)

General and administrative expenses                        (2,482,272)              (3,850,971)          (1,276,726)
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------

Loss from operations                                       (9,379,782)              (8,919,271)          (2,008,908)
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------
Other income (expense):
      Interest income                                          42,563                  447,742               87,672
      Interest expense to stockholders and directors         (478,687)                (443,226)          (2,894,405)
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------
Total other income (expense)                                 (436,124)                   4,516           (2,806,733)
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------
Net loss                                                   (9,815,906)              (8,914,755)          (4,815,641)

Preferred stock dividends                                           -                 (886,142)            (122,500)
                                                       ----------------------------------------------------------------

Net loss applicable to common stockholders             $   (9,815,906)         $    (9,800,897)       $  (4,938,141)
                                                       ================================================================

Basic and diluted net loss per share applicable to
common stockholders                                    $        (0.16)         $         (0.17)       $       (0.10)
                                                       ================================================================
Weighted-average common stock outstanding                  59,936,435               58,686,778           50,329,614
                                                       ================================================================

</TABLE>


See accompanying notes.




<PAGE>



                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                  Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)

                    Years ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                    <C>         <C>     <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>       <C>             <C>

                                                                                                             Accumu-
                                                                                                             lated
                                     Convertible Preferred                                                   Other         Total
                                             Stock             Common Stock       Additional                 Compre-    Stockholders
                                     -------------------------------------------    Paid-In    Accumulated   hensive       Equity
                                     Shares       Amount   Shares      Amount       Capital      Deficit      Loss        (Deficit)
                                     ------       ------   ------      ------       -------      -------      ----        --------

Balance, June 30, 1999               204,167  $ 1,225,002  26,169,718  $ 261,697  $28,742,403  $(35,816,577) $   -     $ (5,587,475)

Issuance of common stock in
   settlement of accounts
   payable                                 -            -      15,126        151        8,751            -       -            8,902
Issuance of common stock
  upon conversion of notes
  payable                                  -            -  27,761,197    277,612    3,359,029            -       -        3,636,641
Private placement of common
  stock, net of issuance costs             -            -   1,086,145     10,862    3,701,486            -       -        3,712,348
Options and warrants exercised             -            -     309,919      3,100      190,219            -       -          193,319
Repurchase of common stock                 -            -     (12,500)      (125)         125            -       -                -
Preferred stock dividends                  -            -           -          -     (122,500)           -       -         (122,500)
Net loss                                   -            -           -          -            -   (4,815,641)      -       (4,815,641)
                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Balance, June 30, 2000               204,167     1,225,002  55,329,605    553,297   35,879,513  (40,632,218)     -       (2,974,406)

Issuance of common stock in
  settlement of accounts
  payable                                  -            -      80,000        800      155,200            -       -          156,000
Issuance of common stock
  upon conversion of Series
  D preferred stock                 (204,167)  (1,225,002)    566,972      5,670    2,011,949            -       -          792,617
Issuance of common stock upon
  conversion of note payable               -            -      20,000        200       59,800            -       -           60,000
Private placement of common
  stock, net of issuance costs             -            -   3,333,334     33,333   10,985,346            -       -       11,018,679
Options exercised                          -            -      64,933        649       41,584            -       -           42,233
Preferred stock dividends                  -            -           -          -      (24,109)           -       -          (24,109)
Other comprehensive income
  (loss) change in unrealized
  gain/loss on available-for-
  sale securities                          -            -           -          -            -            -     (22)             (22)
Net loss                                   -            -           -          -            -   (8,914,755)      -       (8,914,755)
                                      ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Balance, June 30, 2001                     -            -  59,394,844    593,949   49,109,283  (49,546,973)    (22)         156,237

Private placement of common
  stock, net of issuance
  costs                                    -            -   1,232,584     12,325    2,868,777            -       -        2,881,102
Compensation expense related
  to grant of stock options to
  employees and issuance of
  stock to a consultant                    -            -           -          -      649,028            -       -          649,028
Options and warrants exercised             -            -     340,785      3,408      235,195            -       -          238,603
Other comprehensive income
  (loss) - change in unrealized
  gain/loss on available-for-
  sale securities                          -            -           -          -            -            -      22               22
Net loss                                   -            -           -          -            -   (9,815,906)      -       (9,815,906)
                                      ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, June 30, 2002                     -      $     -  60,968,213   $609,682  $52,862,283  $(59,362,879)  $  -      $(5,890,914)
                                      ==============================================================================================
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes.


<PAGE>


                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

                            Statements of Cash Flows
                Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                    <C>                   <C>                 <C>

                                                                                    Years ended June 30,
                                                                       2002                 2001                 2000
                                                                ------------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from operating activities:
    Net loss                                                    $   (9,815,906)         $   (8,914,755)      $   (4,815,641)
      Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
       used in operating activities:
        Depreciation and amortization                                  190,139                  93,404               14,444
        Interest expense resulting from amendment to
          conversion terms of notes payable                                  -                       -            2,415,223
        Interest expense included in notes payable to
          stockholders                                                 313,902                 233,026              309,334
        Write-off of WebMD prepaid service fee                               -                 250,000                    -
        Stock based compensation                                       787,611               1,931,036                    -
        Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
           Trade accounts receivable                                    20,650                  73,876              374,008
           Interest receivable                                          52,134                  52,135                    -
           Prepaid expenses and other current assets                   186,412                (287,721)            (239,521)
           Non-current assets                                          100,717                (326,705)                   -
           Payable to Healthcare Exchange providers                    368,982                  40,756                    -
           Trade accounts payable                                      287,089                  54,166               12,911
           Accrued payroll and related expenses                         93,749                  13,521             (136,781)
           Accounts payable and accrued interest payable to
             stockholders                                               68,291                 115,311               73,509
           Other current liabilities                                   (41,211)                 22,662              157,329
                                                                ------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash used by operating activities                               (7,387,441)             (6,649,288)          (1,835,185)
                                                                ------------------------------------------------------------

Cash flows from investing activities:
    Purchases of equipment and software                               (286,566)               (326,211)            (175,415)
    Purchases of short-term investments                                      -              (6,306,989)                   -
    Maturities of short-term investments                             1,354,159               4,952,830                    -
                                                                ------------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by investing activities                     1,067,593              (1,680,370)            (175,415)
                                                                ------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>





(Continued on next page)


<PAGE>



                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.

                            Statements of Cash Flows
                Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                   (continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                  <C>                  <C>                  <C>

                                                                                  Years ended June 30,
                                                                     2002                 2001                2000
                                                              -----------------------------------------------------------
Cash flows from financing activities:
    Proceeds from private placement of common stock           $   2,742,519           $  9,560,345        $  3,712,348
    Proceeds from exercise of options and warrants                  238,603                 42,233             193,319
    Proceeds from notes payable to stockholders                     582,000                      -              33,500
    Payments on notes payable to stockholders                             -                      -             (33,500)
    Proceeds from notes payable to directors                              -                      -               3,361
    Payments on notes payable to directors                                -                (23,324)            (21,649)
                                                              -----------------------------------------------------------
Net cash provided (used) by financing activities                  3,563,122              9,579,254           3,887,379
                                                              -----------------------------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents             (2,756,726)             1,249,596           1,876,779
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                    3,159,017              1,909,421              32,642
                                                              -----------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                      $     402,291           $  3,159,017        $  1,909,421
                                                              ===========================================================
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
    Cash paid during the year for interest                    $     110,697           $     94,611        $     54,926
                                                              ===========================================================
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities:
    Conversion of notes payable to common stock               $           -           $     60,000        $  1,000,000
                                                              ===========================================================
</TABLE>


See accompanying notes.


<PAGE>


                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                          Notes to Financial Statements

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000


1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Description of Business

     Alternative  Technology Resources,  Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "ATR,"
the  "Company,"  "we" or "us") has  developed  and is  operating an Exchange for
healthcare services ("Healthcare Exchange").  The Company contracts with medical
doctors,   medical  groups,   hospitals  and  other  health  care  practitioners
(collectively,  "Providers")  to offer their  services  through  the  Healthcare
Exchange to those who purchase or facilitate the purchase of healthcare services
("Purchasers"). ATR's Healthcare Exchange began operations with a limited number
of Providers and Purchasers in the quarter ending June 30, 2001

     The purpose of the Healthcare Exchange is to utilize the Internet and other
technologies  to facilitate  Provider  initiated  discounts and  administrative,
billing and remittance  services for all commercial lines of business within the
healthcare  industry.  Our  Healthcare  Exchange  offers a direct and  efficient
conduit  between  Providers and Purchasers of health care services,  their PPOs'
and/or their  agents.  Providers  submit bills to the Company,  who reprices the
bills   to   the   rate   set   by   the   Providers,    including    adding   a
transaction-processing  fee,  and  then  routes  them  to  Purchasers  or  their
intermediaries.  The Company  receives  payments  from  Purchasers  on behalf of
Providers, and then remits payments to Providers.

     The  Company's   Healthcare  Exchange   development  efforts  will  require
substantial  funds.  The Company believes that it has developed a viable plan to
address the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, and that this plan
will enable the Company to continue as a going concern, at least through the end
of  fiscal  year  2003.  However,  the  Company  believes  it will need to raise
additional  funds during fiscal 2003. The Company has engaged a placement  agent
to  assist  in the sale of  shares  of the  Company  common  stock in a  private
placement,  but there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise
sufficient   funds  to   successfully   implement  its  business   plan.   Also,
traditionally,  the Company has relied on major  stockholders  or  affiliates to
finance  its  operations,  although  there  can be no  assurance  that they will
continue  to do so. If  unsuccessful  the  Company may be required to reduce the
development  efforts  of its  Healthcare  Exchange  or be  forced  into  seeking
protection  under  federal  bankruptcy  laws.  The  financial  statements do not
include  any   adjustments  to  reflect  the  possible  future  effects  on  the
recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of
liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Use of Estimates in Preparation of Financial Statements

     The  preparation of the financial  statements in conformity with accounting
principles  generally accepted in the United States requires  management to make
estimates  and  assumptions  that affect the amounts  reported in the  financial
statements  and  accompanying  notes.  Actual  results  could  differ from those
estimates.
<PAGE>


                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                          Notes to Financial Statements

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000


Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments

     The  Company  considers  all highly  liquid  investments  with an  original
maturity  of  three  months  or  less  from  the  date  of  purchase  to be cash
equivalents.  At June 30, 2002 and 2001  substantially all of the Company's cash
equivalents represent investments in money market accounts.

     As of June 30, 2002 the Company's had no  short-term  investments.  At June
30, 2001 short-term investments are corporate obligations with maturity dates of
91 days to one year from the date of purchase.

Prepaid License and Service Fees

     Prepaid  license and service fees are  recorded at cost and  amortized on a
straight-line  basis  over the  service  period.  Management  considers  whether
indicators  of impairment of these assets are present at each balance sheet date
and an impairment loss is recorded, if necessary.

Property and Equipment

     Property  and  equipment  are  recorded  at cost and are  depreciated  on a
straight-line  basis over the estimated  useful lives of the assets or the lease
term,  whichever is shorter. The estimated useful lives range from three to five
years.

Revenue Recognition

     The Company recognizes revenue for the  transaction-processing  fee when it
is earned and the Company has  substantially  completed  all of its  obligations
under the contract.

     Contract  programming  revenue  represented  work  performed for customers,
primarily on a time and materials  basis,  and was  recognized  when the related
services were rendered.  Contract  termination  fees were amounts  received from
customers  when they  exercised  the contract  provision,  which allowed them to
convert ATR's  programmer to their employee.  In addition,  these fees were also
received  from  programmers  when they  exercised  their  contract  provision to
terminate their  relationship  with the Company prior to the termination date of
their  contract.  These fee amounts were  stipulated in customer and  programmer
contracts,  were based on the length of time remaining  under the contract,  and
were  recognized as revenue when such contract  provisions  were invoked.  As of
June 30, 2001, the Company is no longer in the contract programming business.

Product Development Costs

     In  October  1999,  the  Company  began  incurring  costs  to  develop  its
Healthcare  Exchange.  In  accordance  with  SOP  98-5,  "Reporting  on Costs of
Start-Up  Activities,"  start-up costs  associated with the Healthcare  Exchange
have  been  expensed  as  incurred.  The  Company's  Healthcare  Exchange  began
operations in the quarter ending June 30, 2001.
<PAGE>

                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000


Stock-Based Compensation

     As permitted  under the  provisions  of  Statement of Financial  Accounting
Standards No. 123 "Accounting for  Stock-Based  Compensation"  ("SFAS No. 123"),
the  Company  has  elected to account  for  stock-based  compensation  using the
intrinsic value method prescribed by Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees"  ("APB No. 25").  Under the intrinsic
value  method,  compensation  cost is the excess,  if any, of the quoted  market
price or fair  value of the stock at the grant  date or other  measurement  date
over the amount an employee must pay to acquire the stock.  Disclosures required
under SFAS No. 123 are included in Note 7 to the financial statements.

Net Loss Per Share

     All  loss  per  share  amounts  for all  periods  have  been  presented  in
accordance  with  Statement of  Financial  Accounting  Standards  Board No. 128,
"Earnings  per Share".  As the Company  has  reported  net losses in all periods
presented, basic and diluted loss per share have been calculated on the basis of
net loss  applicable  to common  stockholders  divided by the  weighted  average
number  of common  shares  outstanding  without  giving  effect  to  outstanding
options,  warrants,  and convertible securities whose effects are anti-dilutive.
For the  fiscal  years  ended  June 30,  2002,  2001 and 2000,  there were stock
options, stock warrants and a convertible note payable outstanding,  and for the
fiscal  year ended  June 30,  2000 there was also  convertible  preferred  stock
outstanding  (Notes 3 and 7), which could potentially  dilute earnings per share
in the future but were not included in the computation of diluted loss per share
as their effect was anti-dilutive in the periods presented.

Segment Disclosures

     As of June 30,  2002,  the Company  operates in one  segment,  the selling,
marketing,  development  and operation of an Exchange for health care  services.
Prior to beginning  operations with a limited number of Providers and Purchasers
in the  quarter  ending  June 30,  2001,  the  Company  was in the  business  of
recruiting,  hiring and training foreign  computer  programmers and placing them
with U.S. companies.

Comprehensive Loss

     Total  comprehensive  loss  for  fiscal  years  2002,  2001  and  2000  was
$9,815,884,  $8,914,777 and $4,815,641 respectively.  Other comprehensive income
(loss)   represents   the  net   change  in   unrealized   gains   (losses)   on
available-for-sale securities.

Concentrations of Risk

     The  Company   invests  its  cash  with  high  credit   quality   financial
institutions.  The Company  believes the financial  risks  associated with these
financial instruments are minimal.

     During fiscal year 2002, no single healthcare  provider  represented 10% or
more of the Company's  Healthcare  Exchange  revenues.  During fiscal year 2001,



<PAGE>

                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000


three  customers  individually  accounted  for  41%,  39%  and  11% of  Contract
Programming  revenues.  During fiscal year 2000,  three  customers  individually
accounted for 40%, 21% and 10% of Contract Programming revenues.

     At June 30, 2001, two Contract Programming customers individually accounted
for 55% and 31% of accounts receivable.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

     The Company's  financial  instruments  consist of cash,  cash  equivalents,
short-term  investments,  accounts  receivable,  and accounts and notes payable.
Fair  values  of  cash,  cash  equivalents,   short-term  investments,  accounts
receivable,  and accounts  payable (other than accounts payable to stockholders)
are considered to approximate their carrying values.

     Fair  values of  accounts  payable  to  stockholders  and notes  payable to
stockholders could not be determined with sufficient  reliability  because these
are instruments held by related parties and because of the cost involved in such
determination.  Principal  characteristics of these financial  instruments that,
along with information on the financial  position of the Company,  are pertinent
to their fair values are described in Notes 2 and 3.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

     In July 2001, the Financial  Accounting  Standards Boards issued Statements
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141, "Business  Combinations," or SFAS 141
and No. 142,  "Goodwill  and Other  Intangible  Assets,"  or SFAS 142.  SFAS 141
requires  that the  purchase  method  of  accounting  be used  for all  business
combinations  initiated  after June 30,  2001.  Use of the  pooling-of-interests
method is no longer  permitted.  SFAS 141 also includes  guidance on the initial
recognition and measurement of goodwill and other intangible  assets acquired in
a business combination that is completed after June 30, 2001. SFAS 142 no longer
permits the  amortization of goodwill and  indefinite-lived  intangible  assets.
Instead,  these  assets  must be reviewed  annually  (or more  frequently  under
certain conditions) for impairment in accordance with this statement. Intangible
assets that do not have  indefinite  lives will  continue to be  amortized  over
their useful  lives and reviewed for  impairment  in  accordance  with  existing
guidance.  We are required to adopt SFAS 142 effective July 1, 2002. Because the
Company  has  historically  not been  party  to any  business  combinations  and
therefore has not recorded related goodwill and intangible  assets, the adoption
of SFAS  141  and  142 did not  have  an  effect  on the  Company's  results  of
operations, financial position or cash flows.

     In October 2001,  the FASB issued  Statement No. 144,  "Accounting  for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived  Assets"  (SFAS 144).  SFAS 144  supersedes
SFAS 121,  however it  retains  the  fundamental  provisions  of that  statement
related to the  recognition  and  measurement  of the  impairment  of long-lived
assets to be "held  and  used."  Among  other  things,  SFAS 144  provides  more
guidance on estimating  cash flows when  performing a  recoverability  test. The
Company will adopt SFAS 144 effective July 1, 2002. The adoption of SFAS 144 did
not have an effect on the Company's results of operations,  financial  condition
or cash flows.


<PAGE>


                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000


2.  Investor Group Transactions

     In fiscal year 1994, the Company  entered into a series of agreements  with
James W.  Cameron,  Jr.  pursuant to which Mr.  Cameron and Dr. Max Negri became
principal  stockholders  of the Company.  As of June 30, 2002, Mr. Cameron owned
39,614,006  shares of the Company's  common stock. As of June 30, 2002 Dr. Negri
held less than 5% of the Company's common stock.

     During  fiscal  years 2002,  2001 and 2000,  the  Company did not  generate
sufficient  cash  flow  from  operations  and  borrowed  funds  from  these  two
stockholders. Notes payable to stockholders were $4,636,352 at June 30, 2002 and
$3,740,450 at June 30, 2001 (Note 3).  Accrued  interest of $269,435 at June 30,
2002 and  $232,469  at June 30,  2001 on these  notes is  included  in  accounts
payable and accrued interest payable to stockholders.

     The Company leases its office facilities in Sacramento, California from Mr.
Cameron  (Note 6).  Accrued  lease  expense  of  $527,896  at June 30,  2002 and
$496,472  at June 30,  2001 is also  included  in  accounts  payable and accrued
interest payable to stockholders.

     During fiscal years 2002,  2001 and 2000,  Cameron &  Associates,  which is
wholly owned by Mr. Cameron,  provided consulting services to the Company.  Fees
for such services totaled $120,000 in fiscal years 2002 and 2001, and $90,000 in
2000.

3.  Financing Arrangements

     The  Company  has  received  short-term,  unsecured  financing  to fund its
operations in the form of notes payable of $4,636,352 as of June 30, 2002,  from
Mr.  Cameron and another  stockholder.  These notes bear interest at 10.25%.  On
September 1, 2001, the Company agreed with Mr. Cameron to extend the due date on
notes payable to him until December 31, 2002,in exchange for an extension fee of
2%.  These  extended  notes total  $1,630,529,  including  accrued  interest and
extension  fees, and bear interest at 10.25% per annum.  During fiscal year June
30, 2002 Mr. Cameron loaned the Company an additional  $582,000 bearing interest
at 10.25% payable on December 31, 2002. On September 1, 2001, the Company agreed
with the other note holder to extend the due date of his convertible  promissory
notes  until  December  31,  2002.  These  convertible  promissory  notes  total
$2,423,823,  including accrued  interest,  bear interest at 10.25% per annum and
are  convertible  into  common  stock at $3.00  per  share at the note  holder's
option.  Subsequent to fiscal year end 2002,  Mr.  Cameron loaned the Company an
additional $426,000 bearing interest at 10.25% payable on December 31, 2002.

     On April 21,  1997,  the Company  issued an  unsecured  note  payable  (the
"Straight  Note") to Mr. Cameron for $1,000,000 in accordance with the agreement
the Company  signed on February  28,  1994.  Terms of the note  provided  for an
interest rate of 9.5% and monthly interest payments. No maturity date was stated
in the  note;  however,  under the terms of the  Reimbursement  Agreement,  upon
written  demand by Mr.  Cameron,  the Straight Note was to be replaced by a note
convertible  into ATR's  common  stock (the  "Convertible  Note") in a principal
amount equal to the  Straight  Note and bearing  interest at the same rate.  The
conversion price of the Convertible Note was equal to 20% of the average trading
price of the  Company's  common stock over the period of ten trading days ending
on the trading day next preceding the date of issuance of such Convertible Note.


<PAGE>

                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000


     Subsequent  to June 30,  1999,  Mr.  Cameron  disposed  of a portion of his
interest in the Straight  Note,  reducing the balance due him to $711,885,  plus
accrued  interest.  On August 19, 1999, the Company's Board of Directors  agreed
with the Straight Note holders to fix the  conversion  price of the  Convertible
Note to $0.044 in exchange for the Straight and/or  Convertible Notes ceasing to
accrue  interest as of that date.  Because of the decline in revenues  caused by
the  non-renewal  of programmer  contracts and the steady  decline in the quoted
value of the Company's  common stock at that time (trading price was at $0.25 on
August 19, 1999), the Board agreed it was in the best interest of the Company to
eliminate the future market risk that the  conversion  price become lower than a
fixed  conversion  price of $0.044.  The benefit  accruing  to the note  holders
resulting from the amendment to the conversion  terms, as measured on August 19,
1999,  was  approximately  $2,415,222  and was recorded as  additional  interest
expense.

     Subsequent to August 19, 1999, Mr. Cameron elected to replace his remaining
interest in the Straight Note, including accrued interest,  with the Convertible
Note and then  simultaneously  converted the  Convertible  Note into  19,762,786
shares of ATR's  common  stock.  All other  Straight  Note  holders  have  since
replaced their Straight Notes,  including  accrued  interest,  with  Convertible
Notes and converted such Convertible Notes into an aggregate of 7,998,411 shares
of the Company's common stock.

4.  WebMD Corp. Agreement

     In September  1999, the Company  entered into an agreement with WebMD Corp.
to develop a web-based  portal  through  which  individual  uninsured  and under
insured  Patients can procure  healthcare  services.  The  agreement  required a
prepaid  service  fee to be  paid  to  WebMD  of  $250,000  upon  a  promotional
announcement  on  WebMD's  Internet  portal,  and a  sharing  of  revenues  when
operational.  Currently  both parties are  reevaluating  this  agreement,  given
changed  directions  and  priorities  of each  company.  The  agreement  has not
formally been modified or terminated, nor has either party proposed any specific
changes.  However, neither party is currently devoting any substantial resources
to this project.  Accordingly, the prepaid service fee was written off in fiscal
year 2001 and is  included as a component  of product  development  costs in the
statement of operations.


<PAGE>



                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000

5.  Income Taxes

     Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities
for federal and state income taxes as of June 30, 2002 and 2001 are as follows:

                                                         June 30,
                                              2002                 2001
                                         ---------------------------------------

Net operating loss carry forwards        $  18,043,000       $  14,603,000
Research credits                               123,000             123,000
Common stock options                         2,818,000           2,539,000
Common stock warrants                          789,000             789,000
Other - net                                    362,000            (572,000)
                                         ---------------------------------------
Total deferred tax assets                   22,135,000          17,482,000
Valuation allowance for deferred tax       (22,135,000)        (17,482,000)
 assets                                  ---------------------------------------
Net deferred tax assets                  $           -       $           -
                                         =======================================

     The  Company's  valuation  allowance  as of June  30,  2002  and  2001  was
$22,135,000  and  $17,482,000  respectively,  resulting  in a net  change in the
valuation  allowance of $4,653,000 and $2,893,000 in the fiscal years ended June
30, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

     As of June 30, 2002 the Company had net operating  loss  carryforwards  for
federal and state income tax purposes of approximately  $46,119,000  million and
$26,245,000 million,  respectively. The federal net operating loss carryforwards
expire  in 2004  through  2022 and the state net  operating  loss  carryforwards
expire in 2002  through  2022.  The Company also has  approximately  $98,000 and
$25,000 of research and  development  tax credit  carryforwards  for federal and
state income tax purposes,  respectively.  The federal  research and development
tax credit carryforwards expire in 2005.

     In connection with the Company's  initial public offering in August 1992, a
change of ownership  (as defined in Section 382 of the Internal  Revenue Code of
1986, as amended)  occurred.  As a result,  the  Company's  net  operating  loss
carryforwards  generated through August 20, 1992 (approximately  $1,900,000) are
subject to an annual limitation in the amount of approximately $300,000.

     In 1993,  a  controlling  interest of the  Company's  stock was  purchased,
resulting in a second annual limitation in the amount of approximately  $398,000
on the Company's ability to utilize net operating loss  carryforwards  generated
between August 11, 1992 and September 13, 1993 (approximately $7,700,000).

     In accordance  with  provisions  of the Internal  Revenue Code Section 382,
additional portions of the net operating loss carryforwards may be disallowed as
a result of additional changes in ownership of the Company.


<PAGE>


                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000



     The Company expects that the aforementioned  annual limitations will result
in net  operating  loss  carryovers  which  will  not be  utilized  prior to the
expiration of the carryover period.

6.  Commitments and Contingencies

     The  Company  may  from  time  to time  become  a party  to  various  legal
proceedings  arising in the ordinary course of its business.  The Company is not
currently subject to any legal proceedings.

     The Company signed agreements effective in January 2001 with an application
services provider to license,  support and run software to process medical bills
submitted to the Company's Healthcare Exchange.  The agreements are for a period
of 66 months.  They required payment of an initial base license fee of $250,000,
which is being  amortized over 66 months,  and data center set up,  training and
implementation  fees of about  $145,000,  which were  expensed.  The  agreements
require monthly minimum payments  currently of about $35,000 and additional fees
that are  transaction  based if volumes  exceed  levels  included in the monthly
minimums.

     In  November  1995,  the Company  entered  into a lease  agreement  for its
facility in Sacramento,  California under a one-year lease with Mr. Cameron. The
lease has been  extended to January 31,  2004.  Payments  under this  facilities
lease are  approximately  $141,330 per year. At June 30, 2002,  $527,896 of rent
owed for fiscal  years 1996  through 2002 is included in the balance of accounts
payable and accrued  interest  payable to  stockholders.  Rental expense for all
operating leases was approximately  $230,897,  $196,390 and $189,121, for fiscal
years  June 30,  2002,  2001 and  2000,  respectively,  including  approximately
$148,302,  $139,272 and $114,285  related to the lease of the office  facilities
from Mr. Cameron.

     Minimum annual payments for all non-cancelable operating leases and amounts
due to an application services provider are as follows:

                2003                         $   604,100
                2004                         $   528,500
                2005                         $   445,717
                2006                         $   416,398
                2007                         $     8,220
                Thereafter                   $     3,888

7.  Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)

Series D Preferred Stock

     In June 1994,  existing  stockholders  purchased 204,167 shares of Series D
Convertible  Preferred  Stock for  $1,225,002.  ATR's  Series D Preferred  Stock
carried a  cumulative  dividend of $0.60 per share per year,  until the Series D
preferred  stock was  exchanged  for common  stock on  September  11,  2000.  On
September 11, 2000, in connection  with the exchange of 204,167  shares Series D
preferred  stock,  for 408,334 shares of common stock based on a per share price



<PAGE>



                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000


of $3.00 per share, the Company  declared  accrued  dividends of $759,110 in the
aggregate.  Of the $759,110 in accrued dividends,  two of the Series D preferred
stockholders  agreed to accept  158,638  shares of common  stock for $475,915 in
accrued  dividends based on a $3.00 per share value. The benefit accruing to the
Series D Preferred stockholders recorded in the quarter ended September 30, 2000
was  approximately  $316,702 in  compensation  expense and $862,000 in preferred
stock  dividends.  As of  June  30,  2002,  cumulative  unpaid,  dividends  were
$283,195.

Common Stock

     The  Company's   Healthcare  Exchange   development  efforts  will  require
substantial  funds.  On January 9, 2002,  the Board of  Directors of the Company
unanimously  approved a private  placement of up to $12,000,000 of the Company's
common stock at a purchase price of $2.25 per share.  The shares of common stock
issued in the private placement are restricted  securities.  Further pursuant to
the private placement,  in the event that within one year from the final closing
the  Company  sells  shares  of  common  stock,  or  securities  exercisable  or
convertible into common stock, at a price less than $2.25 per share, the Company
will  issue  additional  shares to these  investors  in an amount  such that the
overall  purchase price will be equal to the lower,  subsequent sales price. The
forgoing  shall  exclude  common stock that may be issued in  connection  with a
merger, as a dividend, pursuant to the exercise of outstanding options, warrants
and other convertible  securities and pursuant to options subsequently issued to
employees.   Proceeds  to  date,  net  of  offering  costs,  are   approximately
$2,742,519.  Proceeds  were used for further  development  and  operation of the
Healthcare  Exchange.   The  Company's  Chairman  and  Chief  Financial  Officer
purchased 222,222 shares of the Company's common stock in the private placement.
Because the purchase  price of such stock was less than the public trading price
on the date of purchase,  the Company recorded  compensation expense of $138,583
in fiscal year 2002.

     The Company received  $9,560,345 in a private placement of its common stock
at a price of $3.00 in  fiscal  year  2001,  and in fiscal  year  2000  received
$3,712,348  in a private  placement of its common  stock at an average  price of
$3.42 per share.

Warrants

Warrant activity during the periods indicated is as follows:

                                 Number of        Range of      Weighted Average
                                   Shares      Exercise Prices   Exercise Price
                                 -----------------------------------------------
Balance at June 30, 1999          559,800        $0.01-$25.00         $0.94
Exercised                         (20,000)       $0.75                $0.75
                                 ----------
Balance at June 30, 2000          539,800        $0.01-$25.00         $0.95
Expired/Canceled                  (40,000)       $0.01                $0.01
                                 ----------
Balance at June 30, 2001          499,800        $0.01-$25.00         $1.02
Exercised                        (284,200)       $0.75                $0.75
                                 ----------
Balance at June 30, 2002          215,600        $0.01-$25.00         $1.38
                                 ==========


<PAGE>

                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000


     At June  30,  2002,  the  weighted-average  remaining  contractual  life of
outstanding warrants was 4.9 years. All warrants are immediately exercisable for
common stock at June 30, 2002.

Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plans

     The 1993 Stock  Option/Stock  Issuance Plan (the "1993 Plan"),  pursuant to
which key employees  (including officers) and consultants of the Company and the
non-employee members of the Board of Directors may acquire an equity interest in
the Company, was adopted by the Board of Directors on August 31, 1993 and became
effective  at that time.  The 1993 Plan  provided  that up to 400,000  shares of
common stock could be issued over the ten-year term of the 1993 Plan. As of June
30, 2002, shares available for future issuance under this plan were 31,173.

     The 1997  Stock  Option  Plan  (the  "1997  Plan"),  pursuant  to which key
employees   (including   officers)  and  consultants  of  the  Company  and  the
non-employee members of the Board of Directors may acquire an equity interest in
the  Company,  was adopted by the Board of  Directors  on November  18, 1997 and
became  effective at that time. An aggregate of 3,000,000 shares of common stock
may be issued over the five-year term of the 1997 plan. Subject to the oversight
and  review  of the  Board  of  Directors,  the 1997  Plan  shall  generally  be
administered by the Company's  Compensation Committee consisting of at least two
non-employee  directors as appointed by the Board of Directors.  The grant date,
the  number of shares  covered  by an option  and the terms and  conditions  for
exercise of options shall be determined  by the  Committee,  subject to the 1997
Plan  requirements.  The Board of Directors  shall determine the grant date, the
number of shares  covered by an option and the terms and conditions for exercise
of options to be granted  to  members  of the  Committee.  As of June 30,  2002,
shares  available  for  future  issuance  under  this  plan were  329,279.  This
five-year plan will expire November 18, 2002.

     Option  activity  for the  1993  and the  1997  Plans  during  the  periods
indicated is as follows:

                                          Number of          Weighted Average
                                           Shares             Exercise Price
                                        ----------------------------------------

          Balance at June 30, 1999         594,919                $0.98
          Granted                          880,000                $2.72
          Exercised                       (269,919)               $0.65
          Cancelled                        (25,000)               $0.25
                                        --------------
          Balance at June 30, 2000       1,180,000                $2.36
          Granted                          920,600                $2.77
          Exercised                        (49,933)               $0.25
          Cancelled                       (317,500)               $4.04
                                        --------------
          Balance at June 30, 2001       1,733,167                $2.33
          Granted                        1,234,053                $1.83



<PAGE>



                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000


          Exercised                        (51,585)               $0.45
          Cancelled                       (326,432)               $2.60
                                        --------------
          Balance at June 30, 2002       2,589,203                $2.60
                                        ==============


     The following table summarizes  information about stock options outstanding
under the 1993 and the 1997 Plans at June 30, 2002:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>   <C>             <C>             <C>               <C>               <C>             <C>


                                                      Weighted
                                                       Average
                                     Weighted          Remaining
  Range of           Options          Average         Contractual        Options       Weighted Average
Exercise Prices    Outstanding     Exercise Price     Life (Years)      Exercisable     Exercise Price
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

$  0.01-1.95         1,028,369          $0.58               7             894,479             $0.55
$  2.00-3.85         1,233,334          $2.50               9             255,834             $2.85
$  4.00-6.63           312,500          $4.81               8             208,333             $4.81
$       7.19             5,000          $7.19               8               3,333             $7.19
$      13.10            10,000         $13.10               2              10,000            $13.10

                  --------------                                       -------------

                     2,589,203          $2.07                           1,371,979             $1.73
                  ==============                                       =============
</TABLE>


     At June 30, 2001 and 2000 the number and weighted average exercise price of
options exercisable were 745,022 and $1.88 and 485,000 and $1.77, respectively.

     In  addition  to  options  granted  pursuant  to the 1993  and  1997  Stock
Option/Stock  Issuance  Plans,  the Company has granted options outside of these
plans.  In fiscal year 1994, the Company  granted to its former Chief  Executive
Officer and director  stock options to purchase  400,000  shares of common stock
exercisable at $0.10 per share. Of these options, 370,000 remain outstanding and
are fully vested as of June 30, 2002. These options expire on August 10, 2003.

     During fiscal year 2000, in accordance  with an employment  agreement,  the
Company  granted the current Chief  Executive  Officer stock options to purchase
7,000,000  shares of common  stock at $3.00 per share,  the fair market value of
the Company's common stock on the date of grant. The options vest ratably over 5
years and expire on April 14, 2010. As of June 30, 2002,  2,800,000 options have
vested, and 7,000,000 remain  outstanding.  Also, on August 1, 2000, Mr. Cameron
entered into an agreement with the Company's  current Chief Executive Officer to
grant him the option to purchase  6,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock
from Mr. Cameron at a purchase price of $3.625 per share,  the fair market value
of the  Company's  stock on that date.  As of June 30, 2002,  these  options are
fully vested and 6,000,000 remain outstanding.


<PAGE>


                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000

     Non-cash stock based compensation expense was $787,611 for fiscal year 2002
and $1,931,036 for fiscal year 2001. No such expense was incurred in fiscal year
2000. Costs incurred in fiscal year 2002 primarily  represent  $637,528 recorded
in connection  with the grant of options to employees with an exercise less than
the  public  trading  price  on the  date of  grant  and  $138,583  recorded  in
connection with the purchase of 222,222 shares of the Company's  common stock by
the Company's Chairman and Chief Financial Officer because the purchase price of
such stock was less than the public trading price on the date of purchase.

     SFAS No. 123 requires  presentation of pro forma information  regarding net
loss and loss per share as if the Company had accounted  for its employee  stock
options  under the fair value  method of that  Statement.  The fair value of ATR
options was  estimated at the date of grant using the  Black-Scholes  model with
the following weighted average assumptions for fiscal years 2002, 2001 and 2000:
dividend yield of 0%, an expected life of five years, a risk-free  interest rate
of 5.0%, and expected volatility of 1.168, 1.271 and 0.959.

     The Black-Scholes  model was developed for use in estimating the fair value
of  traded  options,   which  have  no  vesting   restrictions   and  are  fully
transferable.  It  requires  the input of  highly  subjective  assumptions,  the
quality of which cannot be judged except by  hindsight.  The Company's pro forma
information is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                    <C>                   <C>                  <C>

                                                                   Years Ended June 30,
                                               ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       2002                  2001                2000
                                               ------------------------------------------------------------
Net loss applicable to common stockholders:
      As reported                              $   (9,815,906)          $   (9,800,897)      $  (4,938,141)
      Pro forma                                $  (13,815,109)          $  (14,153,429)      $  (6,224,858)

Basic and diluted net loss per share:
      As reported                              $        (0.16)          $        (0.17)      $       (0.10)
      Pro forma                                $        (0.23)          $        (0.24)      $       (0.12)

</TABLE>

     Future pro forma results may be materially  different from amounts reported
as future years will include the effects of additional stock option grants.

     The weighted  average fair value of options granted during the fiscal years
June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000 whose exercise price equals the market price of the
stock  on  the  grant  date  was  $1.95,  $2.30  and  $2.58  respectively.   The
weighted-average  fair  value of  options  granted  in fiscal  year  2002  whose
exercise  price was less than the market price of the stock on the date of grant
was $2.03.  For fiscal  years  2001 and 2000,  all  options  were  granted  with
exercise prices equal to the market price on the date of grant.


<PAGE>

                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000


Stock Reserved for Issuance

     As of June 30, 2002, the Company has reserved a total of 11,404,268  shares
of common stock pursuant to outstanding  warrants,  options,  convertible  notes
payable to  stockholders,  and future  issuance  of  options  to  employees  and
non-employee directors.

                       Common Shares Reserved for Issuance
               ------------------------------------------------------
               Options                                  10,319,655
               Warrants                                    215,600
               Notes (including accrued interest)          869,013
                                                       --------------
               Total                                    11,404,268
                                                       ==============

8.  Subsequent Event

     The Company has received  short-term  unsecured  financing in the form of a
convertible  note of  $1,000,000  as of July 26,  2002 from a lender.  This note
bears interest at 8% and is payable at the earliest of July 25, 2003 or when the
Company,  in a proposed  Private  Placement  of Common  Stock  offering,  raises
$8,000,000.  All or a portion  of the  convertible  note may be  converted  into
shares of common stock at the lower of $2.25 per share or the  subscription  per
share price of the proposed Private  Placement of Common Stock. In consideration
for the loan the Company  will issue three  warrants.  The Company will issue to
the lender one warrant to purchase  100,000  shares of common stock.  The lender
will also receive a second  warrant to purchase  100,000  shares of common stock
that may only be exercisable if the Company does not repay the convertible  note
within 180 days of the  agreement.  The lender will also receive a third warrant
to  purchase  100,000  shares of common  stock  that may be  exercisable  if the
Company does not repay the  convertible  note within one year of the  agreement.
Each of the warrants will have an exercise  price equal to the lower of $2.14 or
the  subscription  per share price of the proposed  Private  Placement of Common
Stock. When, and if, exercisable, the lender may exercise these warrants through
July 26, 2009.


9.  Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)

     The following table presents the Company's unaudited quarterly statement of
operations  data for the four  quarters  of fiscal  2002 and  fiscal  2001.  The
Company  believes that this  information  has been prepared on the same basis as
its  audited   consolidated   financial   statements   and  that  all  necessary
adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, have been included
to present fairly the selected quarterly  information.  The Company's  quarterly
results of operations for these periods are not necessarily indicative of future
results of operations.


<PAGE>

                     Alternative Technology Resources, Inc.
                    Notes to Financial Statements (continued)

                    Years Ended June 30, 2002, 2001 and 2000

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                        <C>                 <C>                  <C>                   <C>

                                                                                          2002
                                                     --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       September 30         December 31           March 31             June 30
                                                       ------------         -----------           --------             -------
Healthcare Exchange revenue                          $     108,218        $     253,876      $     430,308         $     850,163
Healthcare Exchange gross profit (loss)                   (116,570)             (96,337)            28,779               363,176
Contract Programming revenue                                     -                    -                  -                     -
Contract Programming gross profit                                -                    -                  -                     -
Selling, marketing and product development costs        (1,505,195)          (1,546,462)        (1,852,186)           (2,172,714)
General and administrative expenses                       (505,834)            (600,045)          (673,076)             (703,317)
Loss from operations                                    (2,127,599)          (2,242,844)        (2,496,483)           (2,512,855)
Total other income (expense)                              (106,384)            (105,364)          (110,929)             (113,447)
Net loss                                                (2,233,983)          (2,348,208)        (2,607,412)           (2,626,302)
Preferred stock dividends in arrears                             -                    -                  -                     -
Net loss applicable to common stockholders              (2,233,983)          (2,348,208)        (2,607,412)           (2,626,302)
Basic and diluted net loss per share                 $       (0.04)       $       (0.04)     $       (0.04)       $        (0.04)
Shares used in per share calculation                    59,401,860           59,421,866         61,261,644            60,945,581
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



                                                                                        2001
                                                     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      September 30          December 31           March 31              June 30
                                                      ------------          -----------           --------              -------
Healthcare Exchange revenue                          $          -          $          -       $          -         $     50,944
Healthcare Exchange gross profit (loss)                         -                     -                  -              (33,584)
Contract Programming revenue                              178,019                47,812             46,385               36,253
Contract Programming gross profit                          42,217                 1,160              9,466                9,954
Product development costs                              (1,057,426)           (1,238,497)        (1,227,696)          (1,573,894)
General and administrative expenses                    (2,141,486)             (490,072)          (640,279)            (579,134)
Loss from operations                                   (3,156,695)           (1,727,409)        (1,858,509)          (2,176,658)
Total other income (expense)                              (50,935)               79,980             11,268              (35,797)
Net loss                                               (3,207,631)           (1,647,429)        (1,847,241)          (2,212,454)
Preferred stock dividends in arrears                     (886,142)                    -                  -                    -
Net loss applicable to common stockholders             (4,093,773)           (1,647,429)        (1,847,241)          (2,212,454)
Basic and diluted net loss per share                 $      (0.07)         $      (0.03)      $      (0.03)       $       (0.04)
Shares used in per share calculation                   56,695,586            59,329,251         59,358,090           59,383,954
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 23.1


               Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors

We consent to the  incorporation  by  reference in the  Registration  Statements
listed below of our report dated August 16, 2002,  with respect to the financial
statements of  Alternative  Technology  Resources,  Inc.  included in the Annual
Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended June 30, 2002.

-        Form  S-8  No. 33-80300 pertaining to the 3Net Systems, Inc. 1993 Stock
         Option/Issuance Plan

-        Form  S-8  No.  33-84576  pertaining to  the Nonstatutory  Stock Option
         Agreement by and between 3Net Systems, Inc. and Russell J. Harrison

-        Form  S-3  No.  33-86962  pertaining to 3Net Systems, Inc. common stock
         being offered by selling stockholders

-        Form  S-8  No.  333-90021  pertaining  to  the  Alternative  Technology
         Resources,  Inc. 1997 Stock Option Plan, Non-Statutory Stock Option for
         Edward Lammerding.

                                                           /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

Sacramento, California
September 23, 2002


<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 99.1


                                  CERTIFICATION


     I, Jeffrey McCormick, Chief Executive Officer, certify that:

     1. I  have  reviewed  this  annual  report  on  Form  10-K  of  Alternative
Technology Resources, Inc.;

     2. Based on my  knowledge,  this annual  report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such statements
were made, not  misleading  with respect to the period covered by this quarterly
report; and

     3. Based on my knowledge,  the financial  statements,  and other  financial
information  included  in this annual  report,  fairly  present in all  material
respects the financial  condition,  results of operations  and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report.



Date:  September 20, 2002           /S/ JEFFREY MCCORMICK
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                      Jeffrey McCormick, Chief Executive Officer


<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 99.2

                                  CERTIFICATION


     I, James W. Cameron, Jr., Chief Financial Officer, certify that:

     1. I  have  reviewed  this  annual  report  on  Form  10-K  of  Alternative
Technology Resources, Inc.;

     2. Based on my  knowledge,  this annual  report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the  circumstances  under which such statements
were made, not  misleading  with respect to the period covered by this quarterly
report; and

     3. Based on my knowledge,  the financial  statements,  and other  financial
information  included  in this annual  report,  fairly  present in all  material
respects the financial  condition,  results of operations  and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report.


Date:  September 20, 2002         /S/ JAMES W. CAMERON
                                  ----------------------------------------------
                                  James W. Cameron, Jr., Chief Financial Officer




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
