<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>0001.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10K FOR 12/31/00
<TEXT>


                                  UNITED STATES

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                                   (Mark One)
 [ X ] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
            ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000

          [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                        SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
         For the transition period from ____________ to _____________.

                         Commission file number 0-28152

                         Affinity Technology Group, Inc.

             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                                    Delaware

         (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

                                   57-0991269

                      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

                          1201 Main Street, Suite 2080

                             Columbia, SC 29201-3201

                    (Address of principal executive offices)
                                   (Zip code)

                                 (803) 758-2511

              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

               Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
                                    the Act:

                                      None

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                    Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share
                                (Title of class)

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934  during  the  preceding  12 months  (or for such  shorter  period  that the
registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [ X ] No [ ]

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers  pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained  herein,  and will not be contained,
to the best of  registrant's  knowledge,  in  definitive  proxy  or  information
statements  incorporated  by  reference  in Part  III of this  Form  10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

         The  aggregate  market value of the  Registrant's  Common Stock held by
non-affiliates  of the  Registrant  was  approximately  1,896,070 as of March 7,
2001. For purposes of such  calculation,  shares of Common Stock held by persons
who hold more than 10% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock and shares held
by  directors  and  officers of the  Registrant  and certain of their  immediate
family  members  have been  included  because  such  persons may be deemed to be
affiliates. This determination is not necessarily conclusive.

         There  were  35,551,233   shares  of  the  Registrant's   Common  Stock
outstanding as of March 7, 2001.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

         Certain  portions of the  Registrant's  proxy statement with respect to
the 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Registrant have been incorporated
by reference herein.

        Item 1 of this Form 10-K  entitled  "Business"  and Item 7 of this Form
10-K entitled  "Management's  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" contain forward-looking  statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the  Securities  Act of 1933 and  Section  21E of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.  Forward-looking  statements are inherently  uncertain and
actual results could differ  materially  from those  expressed or implied by the
forward-looking   statements.   These   forward-looking   statements  should  be
considered  in the  context of the  business  risks set forth below in Item 1 of
this report under the caption "Business Risks."

Part I

Item 1  Business

         Affinity  Technology  Group, Inc. (the "Company") was formed to develop
and market technologies that enable financial  institutions and other businesses
to provide consumer financial services  electronically  with reduced or no human
intervention.  The  Company's  DeciSys/RT(R)  processing  system  automates  the
processing  and  consummation  of  consumer  financial  services   transactions.
DeciSys/RT can simultaneously  accept and capture consumer  information  through
remote input devices,  such as touch-screen  terminals or terminals used by loan
officers, and automatically interact with credit bureaus and other third parties
that supply information necessary to process a consumer financial transaction.

         To date, the Company has generated  substantial  operating losses,  has
experienced  an extremely  lengthy sales cycle for its products and services and
has been  required to use a  substantial  amount of cash  resources  to fund its
operations.  If the  Company had  continued  to use cash at the rate used during
2000,  the Company  would have  depleted its existing cash reserves in the first
quarter of 2001. The Company has taken certain measures to increase and preserve
its cash  resources.  These  measures  include  the  placement  of a $1  million
convertible  debenture in November 2000 and a 33% reduction in its work force in
March 2001.  The Company  believes that existing cash and  internally  generated
funds will be sufficient to fund its  operations  through the second  quarter of
2001.  However,  the  Company may  encounter  unexpected  expenses,  the loss of
anticipated  revenues  and other  developments  that may  impact  the  Company's
ability to fund operations for the entire second quarter of 2001. Moreover,  the
Company  believes that  existing cash  resources  will be  insufficient  to fund
operations after the second quarter of 2001. To remain viable,  the Company must
substantially increase its revenues or raise additional capital. To maintain the
minimal resources necessary to support its current operations,  the Company does
not believe that substantial  additional reductions in its operating expenses is
feasible.  No assurances  can be given that the Company will be able to increase
revenues or raise additional capital in a manner that would allow it to continue
its operations.

     The Company's products and services consist of:

o        the Affinity  Automated  Loan  Machine  (the ALM (R)),  which looks and
         functions much like an automated  teller machine and permits a consumer
         to apply for and, if approved,  receive a consumer  loan without  human
         intervention in as little as 10 minutes;

o        the e-xpertLender(R)  system, which permits a financial  institution to
         use the  DeciSys/RT(R)  system  to  make  automated  lending  decisions
         through call centers, branches and automobile dealerships;

o        iDEALSM (indirect electronic automobile lending system),  which permits
         a lender to make  automated  lending  decisions  for loan  applications
         originated at an automobile dealership; and

o        rtDSSM  (realtime  decisioning   services),   which  is  based  on  the
         e-xpertLender  system and permits a lender to deliver credit  decisions
         to loan applicants over the Internet.

         In addition,  through a wholly owned subsidiary,  Surety Mortgage, Inc.
("Surety"), the Company originates and processes mortgage loans.

         The Company has been granted two patents  covering its  fully-automated
loan processing systems. In addition, in 1997 the Company acquired a patent that
covers the  automated  processing  of an insurance  binder  through a kiosk.  In
August 2000, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued to the Company a patent
covering the  fully-automated  establishment of a financial  account,  including
credit accounts (U.S. Patent No. 6,105,007).

         The  Company  has  initiated  a patent  licensing  program for its loan
processing  patents and is developing a licensing  program for its  newly-issued
financial account patent. Both of the Company's patents covering fully automated
lending systems are being reexamined by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office due
to challenges by third parties. In March 2000, August 2000 and January 2001, the
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued preliminary office actions rejecting all
previously   issued   claims  under  the   Company's   first   patent   covering
fully-automated  lending  systems.  It is possible  that third parties may bring
additional  actions  to contest  some of or all of the  Company's  patents.  The
Company can make no  assurances  that it will not lose some of or all the claims
covered by its existing patents.

         Through  the end of 1996,  the  Company's  primary  product was the ALM
which captures origination  information for unsecured consumer loan applications
and then routes this information to the Company's proprietary  DeciSys/RT for an
automated  decision.  The Company also developed  additional  financial products
which could be  originated  at an ALM and processed  through  DeciSys/RT.  These
products  included  loans  secured by cash  collateral  and the  ability to open
checking  accounts,  renew  existing  loans,  cross sell other products and make
counter  offers to applicants who qualify for a loan amount higher or lower than
the loan amount  originally  requested.  The ALM was not widely  accepted by the
market and the Company has discontinued any sales and marketing  efforts related
to this  product.  At December 31, 2000,  the Company's  installed  base of ALMs
consisted of 15 units which were sold under a sales-type  lease to one customer.
This lease expires in September  2001. All the contracts under which the Company
previously  deployed  ALMs have  expired  or been  terminated  by the  Company's
customers.

         During 1997, the Company  developed  e-xpertLender,  which  establishes
connectivity  among a  financial  institution's  delivery  channels,  Affinity's
automated  decisioning  system,  and the  institution's  risk management  group.
e-xpertLender  also, upon approval,  gives the consumer the choice of closing or
fulfillment  methods that include branches,  ALMs, mail, and third party closing
agents. The system enables call center agents and branch personnel to inquire as
to the  status of  applications  at any time and  electronically  notifies  loan
officers  with respect to exceptions  and the reason for  referral.  The Company
currently has one customer who uses its e-xpertLender  product.  The Company has
suspended   the   active   marketing   of   e-xpertLender   due  to  its  latest
reduction-in-force  and  insufficient  working capital  necessary to support the
marketing, sales, deployment and operations of additional e-xpertLender systems.

         During 1998, the Company's  principal  activities  were directed toward
enhancing its  e-xpertLender  product  delivery  capabilities  and designing and
developing  a system to  process  automobile  loans  pursuant  to a  development
contract  with  Citibank.  In 1999 Citibank  sold its indirect  automobile  loan
business  to Dime  Savings  Bank.  Dime did not  deploy the  Company's  indirect
automobile  loan processing  system and the Company  initiated a lawsuit against
Dime in April 2000 to recover  certain  amounts the Company  believed it was due
under the contract.  The dispute was settled through  mediation in January 2001.
During 1999, the Company  completed the development of a general release version
of an automobile loan processing system,  which was offered under the brand name
of  iDEAL.   During  most  of  2000,  the  Company  processed   automobile  loan
transactions  for one customer who had acquired iDEAL in 1999. This customer has
significantly curtailed its indirect automobile loan activities, and the Company
is not currently processing transactions for this customer. The Company has also
suspended  the  active   marketing  of  its  iDEAL  system  due  to  its  latest
reduction-in-force  and  insufficient  working capital  necessary to support the
marketing, sales, deployment and operations of additional iDEAL systems.

         In early 1998,  the Company formed Surety for the purpose of marketing,
deploying and  processing  mortgage loan  applications  originating  through its
Mortgage ALM  product.  Since 1998 Surety has deployed and operated a network of
Mortgage ALMs to gain an  understanding  of the market and consumer  response to
this method of obtaining  mortgage loan applications.  Currently,  Surety has 23
Mortgage  ALMs  deployed  in various  venues,  including  realtor's  offices and
community bank  branches,  through which it obtains  mortgage loan  applications
which are then underwritten, processed, closed and sold to permanent investors.

         In December  2000,  Surety  entered  into a  processing  contract  with
HomeGold Financial, Inc. ("HomeGold") whereby Surety will underwrite and process
certain   mortgage  loan   applications   generated  by  HomeGold   through  its
telemarketing  and other channels.  The agreement  expires on December 31, 2001,
but may be terminated prior to that time by either party on 90 days' notice.  In
addition, Surety entered into a processing contract with another mortgage banker
in March 2001 to provide similar services.

         In June 2000, the Company  entered into an agreement with Redmond Fund,
Inc. ("Redmond"),  under which Redmond acquired, for $500,000, 484,848 shares of
the Company's common stock and a warrant to acquire an additional 484,848 shares
for $1.37 per share.  The  Company  has  registered  these  shares for resale by
Redmond under the  Securities  Act of 1933  pursuant to the Company's  agreement
with Redmond.

         On September 22, 2000, the Company entered into a convertible debenture
and warrants purchase agreement with AMRO  International,  S.A. ("AMRO").  Under
the agreement, on November 22, 2000 the Company issued to AMRO an 8% convertible
debenture in the principal  amount of $1,000,000.  The debenture is convertible,
at the option of AMRO,  into  shares of the  Company's  common  stock at a price
equal to the lesser of $1.00 per share or 65% of the average of the three lowest
closing prices of the Company's stock during the month prior to conversion.  The
debenture  matures 18 months after its issuance,  subject to earlier  conversion
and certain provisions  regarding  acceleration upon default and prepayment.  In
this regard,  the debenture  requires the Company to use no less than 25% of the
proceeds from any future  equity  financing to repay as much of the debenture as
it can at a price equal to 120% of the principal  amount of the  debenture  plus
all accrued and unpaid interest.  Under the agreement,  on November 22, 2000 the
Company also issued to AMRO a three-year  warrant to acquire  200,000  shares of
the Company's common stock. The warrant exercise price initially is $0.425.  The
warrant exercise price is subject to reduction in certain instances. As of March
30, 2001,  AMRO had  exercised a portion of the  debenture  into an aggregate of
3,037,931  shares of the  Company's  stock.  Additionally,  the  Company  made a
principal payment of $50,000 in March 2001. The outstanding  principal amount as
of March 30, 2001,  was  $765,000.  If AMRO had  converted  the remainder of the
debenture in full on March 30,  2001,  the Company  would have been  required to
issue to AMRO approximately 20,351,000 shares of its common stock.

         On September 26, 2000, the Company entered into a common stock purchase
agreement with another accredited investor. Under the agreement, the Company may
sell,  periodically in monthly  installments during a period of 18 months, up to
6,000,000  shares of the  Company's  common stock at a price equal to 85% of the
volume  adjusted  average  market  price of the  Company's  stock at the time of
issuance.  The Company  would not be  permitted  to sell any shares until it has
registered  such shares for resale by the investor  under the  Securities Act of
1933.  Under the  agreement,  the Company  issued to the  investor a  three-year
warrant to acquire  720,000 shares of the Company's  common stock at $0.8554 per
share.  In  addition,  any time the Company  sells any shares of stock under the
agreement,  it would be  required to issue to the  investor a 35-day  warrant to
acquire 25% of the number of shares sold.  The warrant would be  exercisable  at
the average  purchase price paid by the investor for such shares.  The amount of
capital the Company may raise under the common stock purchase  agreement  during
any month is not less than  $100,000 or more than the lesser of  $1,000,000,  or
4.5% of the product of the daily volume-weighted  average stock price during the
three-month  period prior to a drawdown  request and the total trading volume in
the  Company's  stock  during  the  same  three-month  period.  Based  on  these
limitations, the Company would not be able to sell any shares of its stock under
the equity line agreement as of March 30, 2001.

         On February 12, 2001, the Company's  stock was delisted from the Nasdaq
SmallCap  Market.  On February 13, 2001,  shares of the  Company's  common stock
began trading on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol "AFFI."

Sales and Marketing

         To date, the Company has offered its software  products and services on
the basis of an Application Service Provider ("ASP") model. Under this model the
Company  would  install its software  products for its customers and process its
customers'  transactions at its operations center. The Company has suspended the
sales and marketing of its products  under the ASP model due to working  capital
and other resource constraints.  The Company is considering alternative means to
sell and market its software products,  including the sale of software licenses.
Currently, the Company does not maintain a dedicated software sales force.

         Surety   maintains   a  dedicated   sales   force  of  two   employees.
Additionally,  the senior executives of Surety actively participate in marketing
activities and  negotiations  with its customers to deploy and operate  Mortgage
ALMs and to provide processing services to other mortgage bankers.

Competition

         The market for products and services that enable electronic commerce is
highly competitive and is subject to rapid innovation and technological  change,
shifting   consumer   preferences,   frequent  new  product   introductions  and
competition  from  traditional  products and services  having all or some of the
same features as products and services enabling electronic commerce. Competitors
in this market have  frequently  taken different  strategic  approaches and have
launched  substantially  different  products or services in order to exploit the
same  perceived  market  opportunity.  Until the  market  actually  validates  a
strategy through widespread  acceptance of a product or service, it is difficult
to identify all current or potential market participants or gauge their relative
competitive position.  There can be no assurance that the Company's products and
services will be competitive  technologically  or otherwise.  The ability of the
Company to compete in the market will depend  upon,  among other  things,  broad
acceptance of the Company's  products and services and on the Company's  ability
to  continually  improve and expand such  products and services to meet changing
customer requirements.

         Electronic  commerce  technologies  in general,  including the ALM, the
Mortgage ALM,  e-xpertLender,  rtDS and iDEAL, compete with traditional consumer
lending methods, including in-person applications at branch offices of financial
institutions and cash advances on credit cards,  home equity lines of credit and
other  revolving  credit  facilities,  some or all of which are  employed by the
Company's  existing  and  potential  customers.  The  ability  of the  Company's
products  and  services to compete  with  traditional  lending  methods  will be
dependent in part on consumer  acceptance of electronic  commerce in general and
industry acceptance of the Company's products and services in particular.

         The  Company  also  faces  competition  from  companies  engaged in the
business  of  producing  automated  lending  and  processing  systems  and other
alternatives to conventional consumer transactions,  including software and data
processing  companies and technology and service companies.  The Company also is
aware that many banks have begun using  on-line  services and  Internet  service
providers to provide certain financial services electronically,  and is aware of
several  companies  that have already made  substantial  investments in software
products that enable various other home banking services. Additionally, a number
of companies have developed certain on-line  processing  systems to automate the
mortgage  application  and  underwriting   processes.   See  "Business  Risks  -
Competition; Future Price Erosion".

         The Company expects competition to increase in the future from existing
and new competitors that produce  automated loan systems and other  alternatives
to traditional consumer lending methods.  Such competitors may include actual or
potential  customers  of the  Company  that may develop  competitive  technology
internally.  All  of  the  Company's  current  and  potential  competitors  have
substantially  greater  financial,  marketing and technical  resources  than the
Company.  Accordingly,  the  Company  may not be able  to  compete  successfully
against new or existing  competitors.  Furthermore,  competition  may reduce the
prices the  Company is able to charge for its  products  and  services,  thereby
potentially  lowering revenues and margins,  which would have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business, operating results and financial condition. See
"Business Risks - Rapid Technological Changes" and "- Competition;  Future Price
Erosion".

Technology

         The DeciSys/RT system employs a multi-tiered client/server architecture
that  integrates  the  consumer  interface,  application  analysis  function and
multiple  data  sources  together  in  a  seamless  operating  environment.  The
DeciSys/RT  architecture enables true multi-tasking,  which permits an expedited
loan decision. DeciSys/RT uses standard C++ code and object-oriented programming
which permits the decoupling of functional  development from system  deployment,
greatly reducing the time and cost of maintenance.  The Company anticipates easy
platform  portability  by  using  standards  such as the  TCP/IP  communications
protocol and C++ programming  language,  while  maintaining  compatibility  with
widely accepted third-party database programs and operating systems.

         The Company's  Network  Operating Center ("NOC"),  located in Columbia,
South Carolina, connects through a private network to the ALMs and e-xpertLender
workstations in service.  The NOC is connected to the network via dedicated 56.6
Kbps lines  (upgradable to T-1), while the ALMs use dial-up  connections and the
e-xpertLender  System  utilizes  T-1 or dial-up  connections.  The Company  also
maintains leased line connections to TRW Inc., Trans Union Corporation,  Equifax
Inc., and other providers of information for validation of a consumer's identity
and loan  underwriting.  The combination of  data-encryption  techniques and the
closed loop nature of the system provide for a secure environment.

         The  Company's  operations  are dependent on its ability to protect its
NOC against damage from fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure
or similar events.  All of the Company's  computer  equipment  constituting  its
central computer system, including its processing operations,  is located at the
Company's NOC in Columbia, South Carolina.

Intellectual Property

        The Company was issued two patents in 1999 covering systems and methods
for real-time loan processing over a computer network without human intervention
The Company is in a reexamination  proceeding with the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office ("PTO") on both of these loan processing  patents ("System and Method for
Real-time Loan Approval",  U.S. Patent No. 5,870,721, and "Closed-loop Financial
Transaction  Method and Apparatus," U.S. Patent No.  5,940,811) due to a request
to invalidate or otherwise limit the patents. On three occasions the U.S. Patent
and  Trademark  Office has reached a  preliminary  decision to reject the claims
covered by one of these patents (U.S. Patent No.  5,870,721).  The reexamination
could result in a loss or  limitation  of some or all of the  previously  issued
claims under both patents.

         In addition,  in August 2000, the Company was issued a patent  covering
the automated  establishment of a financial  account without human  intervention
("Automatic  Financial Account Processing  System",  U.S. Patent No. 6,105,007).
The Company also holds a patent  covering  the  issuance of  insurance  products
automatically  through a kiosk ("Method and Apparatus for Issuing Insurance from
a Kiosk", U.S. Patent No. 5,537,315).  The Company has also applied with the PTO
for  additional   patent  protection  for  certain  features  of  the  Company's
technology,  including additional aspects of its closed loop lending system, its
automated  insurance  product,  and its Internet  related products and services.
Certain of such  applications  and amendments  thereto have been rejected by the
PTO and others are at a preliminary stage. There can be no assurance that any of
the Company's patent  applications or amendments  thereto will be allowed by the
PTO.

         "Affinity",  "ALM"  "DeciSys/RT",  and  "e-xpertLender"  are registered
trademarks of the Company;  and "Affinity  Technologies,"  "iDEAL,"  "rtDS," and
"Affinity enabled" are registered servicemarks of the Company.

         The Company's  success and ability to compete is heavily dependent upon
its  proprietary  technology.  The  Company  also  relies  on trade  secret  and
copyright  law and  employee,  customer  and  business  partner  confidentiality
agreements to protect its technology. However, the Company believes that factors
such as the  technological  and creative  skills of its  personnel,  new product
developments,  frequent  product  enhancements,  name  recognition  and reliable
product   maintenance   are  essential  to   establishing   and   maintaining  a
state-of-the-art  technological  system.  There  can be no  assurance  that  the
Company will be able to protect its  technology  from  disclosure or that others
will not develop  technologies  that are  similar or  superior to the  Company's
technology. See "Business Risks - Limited Protection of Technology".

Research and Development

         During 2000, 1999, and 1998, the Company spent approximately  $684,000,
$1,871,000, and $2,560,000, respectively, on research and development activities
which represented  approximately 31.7%, 65.1%, and 96.4% of 2000, 1999, and 1998
revenues,  respectively.  During  2000,  the  Company  capitalized  no  software
development costs.

         In  January  2000,  the  Company  substantially  reduced  the number of
employees on its research and development staff. While the Company believes that
its current  research and  development  staff is sufficient  to support  ongoing
developmental  projects,  the Company  does not  currently  have the capacity to
initiate new projects.

Employees

         At December 31, 2000, the Company  employed  approximately 36 full-time
employees  and 1 part-time  employee,  compared to 77 full-time  and 1 part-time
employee at December 31, 1999.  The Company  reduced its workforce in March 2001
to 24 employees. The Company has no collective bargaining agreements.

Business Risks

         In addition to the other  information  in this report,  readers  should
carefully consider the following  important factors,  among others, that in some
cases have  affected,  and in the future  could  affect,  the  Company's  actual
results and could cause the Company's actual consolidated  results of operations
to differ materially from those expressed in any forward looking statements made
by, or on behalf of, the Company.

         Limited Capital Resources; Operating Losses

         The Company has generated net losses of $64,276,280 since its inception
and has financed its operations  primarily through net proceeds from its initial
public  offering in May 1996.  Net proceeds  from the Company's  initial  public
offering were  $60,088,516.  At December 31, 2000,  cash and liquid  investments
were $646,198.

         To date, the Company has generated  substantial  operating losses,  has
experienced  an extremely  lengthy sales cycle for its products and services and
has been  required to use a  substantial  amount of cash  resources  to fund its
operations.  If the  Company had  continued  to use cash at the rate used during
2000,  the Company  would have  depleted its existing cash reserves in the first
quarter of 2001 The Company has taken certain  measures to increase and preserve
its cash  resources.  These  measures  include  the  placement  of a $1  million
convertible debenture in November 2000 and a 33% reduction in its work force in
March 2001.  The Company  believes that existing cash and  internally  generated
funds will be sufficient to fund its  operations  through the second  quarter of
2001.  However,  the  Company may  encounter  unexpected  expenses,  the loss of
anticipated  revenues  and other  developments  that may  impact  the  Company's
ability to fund operations for the entire second quarter of 2001. Moreover,  the
Company  believes that  existing cash  resources  will be  insufficient  to fund
operations after the second quarter of 2001. To remain viable,  the Company must
substantially increase its revenues or raise additional capital. To maintain the
minimal resources necessary to support its current operations,  the Company does
not believe that substantial  additional reductions in its operating expenses is
feasible.  No assurances  can be given that the Company will be able to increase
revenues or raise additional capital in a manner that would allow it to continue
its operations.

         In  order  to fund  its  operations,  the  Company  may  need to  raise
additional funds through the issuance of additional equity securities,  in which
case  the  percentage  ownership  of the  stockholders  of the  Company  will be
reduced,  stockholders  may  experience  additional  dilution,  or  such  equity
securities may have rights,  preferences  or privileges  senior to common stock.
There can be no assurance that  additional  financing will be available on terms
acceptable to the Company or at all. If adequate  funds are not available or not
available on acceptable terms, the Company may be unable to continue operations,
develop, enhance and market products, retain qualified personnel, take advantage
of future opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,  operating results and
financial condition.

         Significant Losses; Accumulated Deficit; Future Losses

         To  date,  the  Company  has  incurred   significant   losses  and  has
experienced  substantial negative cash flow from operations.  The Company had an
accumulated  deficit as of December 31, 2000 of  approximately  $64,276,000 with
net losses of approximately  $706,000 for the period from inception (January 12,
1994)  through  December  31, 1994,  and  $2,308,000,  $9,692,000,  $15,399,000,
$14,873,000,  $12,095,000  and $9,203,000 for the years ended December 31, 1995,
1996,  1997, 1998,  1999, and 2000,  respectively.  The Company expects to incur
substantial  additional  costs  to  finance  its  operations.  There  can  be no
assurance  that the Company  will ever  achieve  profitability  or, if achieved,
sustain such profitability.

         The  Company's  prospects  must be  considered  in light of the  risks,
expenses,  and difficulties  frequently  encountered by companies in their early
stage of  development,  particularly  technology  based  companies  operating in
unproven  markets with unproven  products.  To address these risks,  the Company
must, among other things, respond to competitive developments, attract, motivate
and retain  qualified  personnel,  establish  effective  distribution  channels,
effectively  manage  any  growth  that may occur and  continue  to  upgrade  its
technologies and successfully  commercialize products and services incorporating
such technologies.

         Potential for Fluctuation in Quarterly Results

         The Company's  revenues are affected by many factors,  including demand
for mortgage loan products and services, the Company's technology and demand for
any  additional   products  or  services  developed  or  sold  by  the  Company,
introduction  and  enhancement  of products  and services by the Company and its
competitors,  market  acceptance of such technology in existence or developed in
the future,  types of distribution  channels through which products are sold and
general economic conditions  (particularly those conditions  affecting financial
products and services supply and demand).  Further,  the Company's customer base
historically  has been  highly  concentrated  and such  concentration  has had a
significant effect on quarterly revenues.  Shortfalls in revenues in relation to
the Company's  expectations  have had and may continue to have an adverse effect
on the  Company's  business,  operating  results and  financial  condition.  The
uncertainty  regarding  the  extent  and  timing of  revenues  coupled  with the
Company's substantial operating expenses (many of which the Company is unable to
adjust in a timely  manner)  means  that the  Company  may  likely  continue  to
experience substantial quarterly fluctuations in its operating results.

         As a result of all the foregoing  factors and other  factors  discussed
under "Business Risks," the Company believes that  period-to-period  comparisons
of its results of operations  are not  necessarily  meaningful and should not be
relied upon as an indication of future performance.  Moreover, it is likely that
in some  future  quarter  the  Company's  operating  results  will be below  the
expectation of public market analysts and investors. In such event, the price of
the Company's Common Stock could be materially adversely affected.

     Unproven Market; Unproven Acceptance of the Company's Products and Services

         The market for products and services that enable electronic commerce is
new,  developing and  uncertain.  As is typical in the case of a new and rapidly
evolving industry, demand and market acceptance for recently introduced products
and services are subject to a high level of  uncertainty.  The Company's  future
growth and  financial  performance  will  depend  upon  consumer  acceptance  of
electronic  commerce  as an  attractive  means of  conducting  certain  consumer
financial  transactions and also upon institutional  acceptance of the Company's
products  as  a  preferred  means  for  serving  consumers.  Such  institutional
acceptance  will in part depend on continued and growing use of  relatively  new
quantitative  credit scoring  methodologies that are amenable to automation.  If
the  electronic  commerce  market  fails  to  grow or  grows  more  slowly  than
anticipated,  or if lenders  reduce  their use of  quantitative  credit  scoring
tools, the Company's  business,  operating results and financial condition would
be  materially  adversely  affected.  Furthermore,  even  if  this  market  does
experience  substantial  growth,  there can be no assurance  that the  Company's
products  and  services  will be  commercially  successful  or benefit from such
growth.  Failure of either the providers of consumer  financial  services or the
consumers of such services to quickly accept  electronic  commerce  distribution
channels in general, and the Company's electronic commerce enabling technologies
in  particular,  or the  inability  of the  Company's  products  and services to
satisfy its customers' or consumers' expectations,  have had and may continue to
have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,  operating results and
financial condition. In addition, the Company's financial position may adversely
affect its ability to sell its  products  and  services  and  develop  strategic
relationships.

         Because  the market for the  Company's  products  and  services is new,
evolving and  uncertain,  it is difficult to determine  the size and predict the
future  growth  rate,  if any,  of this  market.  The market  for the  Company's
products may never be developed,  or may develop at a slower pace than expected,
or such products and services may not be adopted by  participants in this market
or may be adopted by only a limited number of participants.  If the market fails
to develop or develops more slowly than expected,  or if the Company's  products
and  services  do not  achieve  significant  market  acceptance,  the  Company's
business,   operating  results  and  financial  condition  would  be  materially
adversely affected. In addition,  the Company may not have sufficient capital to
respond quickly and effectively to technological  changes and competitive forces
in its markets.

         Lengthy Sales Cycle

         The  Company  has to date  experienced  a lengthy  sales  cycle for its
products and services.  In most cases, the time between initial customer contact
and the execution of a final contract has exceeded six months. While the Company
believes  that the length of the sales  cycle may  compress  over  time,  if the
Company's  technologies  gain  acceptance  in the  marketplace,  there can be no
assurance such compression will take place in the future.

         Early Stage Products and Services

         The  Company's  products  and  services  are in  the  early  stages  of
development  and are  subject  to the  risks  inherent  in the  development  and
marketing of new products,  including the  development  of unforeseen  design or
engineering problems with the Company's products and applications.  There can be
no assurance that these or other risks  associated with new product  development
will not  occur.  The  occurrence  of one or more of these  risks  could  have a
material  adverse  effect  on the  Company's  business,  operating  results  and
financial condition.

         In addition,  services  based on software and  computing  systems often
encounter development delays, and the underlying software may contain undetected
errors or  failures  when  introduced  or when the volume of  services  provided
increases.  The Company has experienced and may continue to experience delays in
the  development  of  its  products  and  the  software  and  computing  systems
underlying  its services and the  Company's  software  may contain  errors.  Any
material development delays or errors could damage the reputation of the service
or software affected,  as well as the Company's customer relations,  which could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's business.

         Rapid Technological Changes

         The market for products and services that enable electronic commerce is
highly  competitive and subject to rapid  innovation and  technological  change,
shifting   consumer   preferences,   frequent  new  product   introductions  and
competition  from  traditional  products and services  having all or some of the
same features as products and services enabling electronic commerce. Competitors
in this market have  frequently  taken different  strategic  approaches and have
launched  substantially  different  products or services in order to exploit the
same perceived market opportunity. Until the market validates a strategy through
widespread  acceptance of a product or service,  it is difficult to identify all
current or potential  market  participants  or gauge their relative  competitive
position.  There can be no assurance  that the  Company's  products and services
will be competitive  technologically or otherwise. The ability of the Company to
compete in this market will depend upon, among other things, broad acceptance of
the Company's  products and services and on the Company's ability to continually
improve its products and services to meet changing customer requirements.  There
can be no assurance that the Company will successfully  identify new product and
service  opportunities  and  develop  and bring to the market  new and  enhanced
services  and  products in a timely  manner;  that such  products,  services and
technologies will be commercially successful; that the Company will benefit from
such  development;  or that  products,  services and  technologies  developed by
others  will not  render  the  Company's  products,  services  and  technologies
noncompetitive or obsolete. If the Company is unable to penetrate new markets in
a  timely  manner  in  response  to  changing  market   conditions  or  customer
requirements or if new or enhanced products do not achieve a significant  degree
of market acceptance,  the Company's  business,  operating results and financial
condition would be materially and adversely affected.  In addition,  the Company
may  not  have  sufficient   capital  to  respond  quickly  and  effectively  to
technological changes and competitive forces in its markets.

         Competition; Future Price Erosion

         Electronic  commerce  technologies in general,  including the Company's
products  and  services,  compete with  traditional  consumer  lending  methods,
including in-person  applications at branch offices of financial institutions or
at automobile  dealerships and cash advances on credit cards and other revolving
credit  facilities,  some or all of which are employed by the Company's existing
and potential  customers.  The ability of the Company's products and services to
compete with  traditional  lending methods will be dependent in part on consumer
acceptance  of  electronic  commerce in general and industry  acceptance  of the
Company's products and services in particular.

         The  Company  also  faces  competition  from  companies  engaged in the
business  of  producing  automated  lending  systems and other  alternatives  to
conventional consumer lending,  including software and data processing companies
and technology and service companies.  The Company also is aware that many banks
have begun using  on-line  services  and Internet  service  providers to provide
certain  financial  services  electronically,  and is aware of several companies
that have already made substantial  investments in software products that enable
various other home banking services.  Numerous  companies have developed certain
on-line processing systems to automate the mortgage application and underwriting
processes.

         The Company expects competition to increase in the future from existing
and new competitors that produce  automated loan systems and other  alternatives
to traditional consumer lending methods.  Such competitors may include actual or
potential  customers  of the  Company  that may develop  competitive  technology
internally.  Most  of the  Company's  current  and  potential  competitors  have
substantially  greater  financial,  marketing and technical  resources  than the
Company.  Accordingly,  the  Company  may not be able  to  compete  successfully
against new or existing  competitors.  Furthermore,  competition  may reduce the
prices that the Company is able to charge for its products and services, thereby
potentially  lowering revenues and margins,  which would have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business, operating results and financial condition.

     Dependence on Consumer Retail Lending Industry; Cyclical Nature of Consumer
     Lending

         The  Company's  business  is  currently  concentrated  in the  consumer
lending  industry  and is expected  to be so  concentrated  for the  foreseeable
future,  thereby making the Company  susceptible to a downturn in that industry.
For example,  a decrease in consumer  lending could result in a smaller  overall
market for the Company's  products and  services.  Furthermore,  U.S.  banks are
continuing to consolidate, decreasing the overall potential number of buyers for
the  Company's  products and  services.  Moreover,  one customer  accounted  for
approximately  35.8% of the Company's  revenue in 2000. The Company expects that
its operating  revenues will continue to be attributable  to a relatively  small
number of  customers.  These  factors as well as others  affecting  the consumer
lending industry could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,
operating results and financial condition.

         The Company's  business  currently  depends upon the volume of consumer
loans made through its products and services. Historically,  demand for consumer
loans has been cyclical,  in large part based on general economic conditions and
cycles in overall  consumer  indebtedness  levels.  Changes in general  economic
conditions  that  adversely   affect  the  demand  for  consumer  loans  or  the
willingness of financial  institutions to provide such loans, such as changes in
interest  rates  and the  overall  consumer  indebtedness  level,  could  have a
material  adverse  effect  on the  Company's  business,  operating  results  and
financial condition.

         Limited Protection of Technology

         The  Company  regards  certain of its  technology  as  critical  to its
business and attempts to protect such  technology  under  patent,  copyright and
trade secret laws and through the use of employee, customer and business partner
confidentiality   agreements.   Such  measures,  however,  afford  only  limited
protection,  and the Company may not be able to maintain the  confidentiality of
its technology.  As a result,  existing and potential competitors may be able to
develop  products and services  that are  competitive  with, or superior to, the
Company's  products and  services,  and such  competition  could have a material
adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  operating  results  and  financial
condition.

         In addition,  the Company's success and ability to compete is dependent
in part upon its proprietary technology. The Company relies primarily on patent,
copyright,  trade  secret and  trademark  law to  protect  its  technology.  The
Company's  patents  are  subject to  challenge  by third  parties.  The  Company
currently  holds four United States  patents,  and has applied for others in the
United States and abroad to protect certain features of its technology. However,
as a result of challenges by third parties, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
is reexamining both of the Company's  patents covering  fully-automated  lending
systems  ("System  and Method for  Real-time  Loan  Approval,"  U.S.  Patent No.
5,870,721,  and "Closed-loop  Financial  Transaction Method and Apparatus," U.S.
Patent No. 5,940,811).  On three occasions, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
has reached a  preliminary  decision to reject the claims  covered by one of the
Company's patents (U.S. Patent No. 5,870,721).  The reexamination  process could
result in a loss or limitation of some of or all the claims under these patents.
Further, it is likely that third parties may bring additional actions to contest
some  of or all  of the  Company's  patents.  Such  actions  could  result  in a
limitation or the complete loss of some of or all the patents the Company has or
may obtain in the future.  Moreover,  while the  Company  intends to continue to
file patent  applications to further protect its technology,  the Company cannot
assure you that any of these  patents  will be  granted,  that if granted  these
patents would survive a legal challenge to their validity or provide  meaningful
levels of  protection  or that the  Company  will  have  sufficient  capital  to
prosecute and protect any of these patents.

         Despite the Company's efforts to protect its proprietary rights,  third
parties may attempt to copy aspects of the Company's products and services or to
obtain and use information  that the Company  regards as  proprietary.  Policing
unauthorized   use  of  the  Company's   products  and  services  is  difficult,
particularly in the environment in which the Company  operates,  and the laws of
other countries may afford the Company little or no effective  protection of its
intellectual  property.  Additionally,  policing  the  unauthorized  use  of the
Company's  intellectual  property rights may be very expensive,  and the Company
may not have the  resources  to do so. The  Company  cannot be assured  that the
steps it has taken will prevent others from misappropriating its technology. The
Company  believes that certain  companies have developed or will develop systems
and technologies that are covered by one or more of the claims covered by either
the Company's  existing  patents or pending patent  applications.  The Company's
capital  resources are very limited,  and it may not be able to take the actions
necessary to enforce the Company's proprietary rights.  Moreover, if the Company
were  to  initiate  litigation  to  enforce  its  proprietary  rights,   whether
successful or unsuccessful, it would result in substantial costs and a diversion
of  resources,  which  could have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's
business, financial condition or operating results.

         Risk of Fraud in Electronic Consumer Transactions

         Electronic  consumer  transactions  involve the risk of consumer fraud.
The customer using the Company's  products is responsible  for the selection and
use of the origination and underwriting  parameters incorporated in the software
supporting  the Company's  products and services.  The Company is unaware of any
significant  instances of fraud in connection  with the funding of loans through
the use of the Company's products and services.  However, the rate of fraudulent
activity could increase,  especially if the number of transactions  processed by
the Company's products and services increased. Moreover, in light of the limited
operating  experience  of the  Company,  there  can  be no  assurance  that  the
Company's  experience  with  respect  to fraud to date is  indicative  of future
performance for the Company's products and services.  While the Company believes
the risk of collection in any given  transaction  belongs to its customers,  the
Company  may  nevertheless  be  held  responsible  for  losses  associated  with
fraudulent  transactions if such  transactions are attributable to the Company's
malfeasance.  Furthermore,  even  if the  Company  is  not  directly  liable  or
contractually  liable for  fraudulent  transactions  processed by the  Company's
products  and  services,  an  increase  in fraud to levels  greater  than  those
experienced in traditional and other emerging consumer credit processing systems
would likely have a material and adverse impact on the ability of the Company to
attract and retain  financial  institution  customers  and thus on the Company's
business,  operating results and financial condition.  In addition,  the Company
may not be able to control  adequately  the occurrence of fraud in the future or
may only be able to do so at considerable cost, either of which would materially
and adversely  affect the Company's  business,  operating  results and financial
condition.

         Risk of Third-Party Network Failure

         The Company relies on third parties for certain fraud detection systems
and for obtaining credit  information about loan applicants.  Additionally,  the
Company uses a dedicated  private data network provided by a third party to gain
access to the  networks  maintained  by such  third  parties  and to  customers.
Prolonged  or  repeated  failure  of  (i) a  network  that  provides  access  to
information  necessary to complete a transaction through the Company's system or
(ii) the Company's network access provider to provide access to such networks or
customers  would  materially  and  adversely  affect  the  Company's   business,
operating results and financial condition.

         Dependence on Third Parties

         The success of the Company and its  business  is  dependent  on,  among
other things, its ability to identify and reach agreements and work successfully
with third  parties.  In  particular,  the  Company  relies or may rely on third
parties  in  connection  with its  customer  relationships,  strategic  alliance
arrangements,  and other areas.  There can be no assurance that the Company will
be successful in identifying  such third parties,  that it will be able to reach
suitable  agreements  with  such  third  parties  or  that  it  will  be able to
successfully  implement  any  such  agreements  that are or have  been  reached.
Failure by the  Company  to  accomplish  any of the above  could have a material
adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  operating  results  and  financial
condition.

         The Company's success depends  particularly on the ability of customers
and third parties to  successfully  market the Company's  products and services.
For  example,  the ability of the  Company to realize  recurring  revenues  from
transactions is dependent on the success of its customers in generating consumer
demand for transactions  using the Company's  products and services.  Failure of
customers to generate and sustain consumer demand for the Company's products and
services  has had and may  continue to have an adverse  effect on the  Company's
business, operating results and financial condition.  Although the Company views
its strategic and other  alliances with third parties as an important  factor in
the development and commercialization of its products and services, there can be
no assurance  that such third parties view their  alliances  with the Company as
significant  for their own  businesses  or that  they  will not  reassess  their
commitment to the Company in the future.  Currently,  the  Company's  agreements
with  customers  generally  do not  require  them  to meet  minimum  performance
requirements.  Instead,  the  Company  relies on the  voluntary  efforts of such
customers to promote consumer  acceptance and use of the Company's  products and
services. The Company's ability to maintain relationships with its customers and
third  parties  will depend,  in part,  on its ability to  successfully  enhance
products  and services and develop new  products  and  services.  The  Company's
inability  to meet such  requirements  could result in its  customers  and third
parties seeking  alternative  providers of the Company's  products and services,
which would have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,  operating
results and financial condition.

         Undeveloped Distribution Channels

         The  Company  currently  does not have a  dedicated  sales  staff  that
focuses  exclusively  on the  marketing  and sales of its products and services.
Moreover, the Company has been unable to enter into strategic relationships with
any third  parties  that  have  resulted  in  meaningful  sales of its  software
products and services.  Due to measures  taken to reduce the Company's  employee
base and preserve cash resources,  the Company does not expect to hire any sales
and  marketing  personnel  unless  it is able  to  raise  sufficient  additional
capital.  The Company  currently relies on the efforts of its senior officers to
pursue  opportunities  to market and sell its products and  services,  and these
officers have limited resources to dedicate to sales and marketing efforts.  For
the Company to ever achieve broad  distribution of its products or services,  it
will have to  implement  effective  marketing  and  distribution  programs.  The
inability of the Company to develop and implement  effective  marketing programs
could  have a  material  adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  operating
results  and  financial  condition.  To the  extent  broad  distribution  of the
Company's  products  and  services  is not  achieved,  there would be a material
adverse  effect on the  Company's  business,  operating  results  and  financial
condition.

         Dependence on Key Employees

         The Company is highly  dependent on certain key executive  officers and
technical  employees.  The Company is also  dependent on its ability to recruit,
retain and motivate high quality  personnel.  Competition  for such personnel is
intense, and the inability to attract and retain qualified employees or the loss
of current key employees  could  materially  and adversely  affect the Company's
business, operating results and financial condition.  Additionally,  the Company
does not maintain "key man"  insurance  policies on any of its key employees nor
does the  Company  intend to secure  such  insurance.  The  Company's  financial
situation  could  adversely  affect  the  Company's  ability  to retain  current
employees  and  executives.  The loss of the  services  of any of the  Company's
executive  officers  could have a material  adverse  effect  upon the  Company's
business, operating results and financial condition.

         Risk of Substantial Dilution

         In  November,  2000,  the Company  issued to AMRO  International,  S.A.
("AMRO") a debenture which is convertible  into shares of the Company's stock at
a price equal to the lesser of $1.00 or 65% of the  average of the three  lowest
closing prices of the Company's  stock during the month prior to conversion.  As
of March 30, 2001,  AMRO  exercised a portion of the  debenture  representing  a
principal  amount of  $185,000  and accrued  interest  of $3,406 into  3,037,931
shares of common stock.  If AMRO had converted the remainder of the debenture in
full on March 30, 2001,  the Company  would have been  required to issue to AMRO
approximately 20,351,000 shares of its common stock.

         The  convertible  debenture  the Company  issued under the  convertible
debenture and warrants  purchase  agreement with AMRO is convertible into shares
of common stock at a price that will be substantially less than the market price
of the Company's  stock at the time of  conversion.  In addition,  the lower the
price  of the  Company's  stock  at the time of  conversion  of the  convertible
debenture, the greater the number of shares that the Company will be required to
issue,  and the greater the dilution  that the Company's  existing  shareholders
will  incur.  Also,  the  perceived  risk of  dilution  may cause the  Company's
existing  shareholders  and other  holders to sell their shares of the Company's
stock,  which would  contribute to a decrease in the Company's  stock price.  In
this regard, significant downward pressure on the trading price of the Company's
stock may also cause  investors  to engage in short sales,  which would  further
contribute to significant downward pressure on the trading price of its stock.

        In addition, the Company has entered into other agreements under which
it may sell stock at a price that may be substantially less than the market
price of the  Company's stock at the time of sale. The sale of stock at a price
that is less than market value could have an immediate adverse effect on the
market price of the Company's common stock. In addition, the Company has issued
options and warrants to acquire shares of its common stock, and the Company may
issue additional warrants in connection with its financing arrangements and may
grant additional stock options under its stock option plan that may further
dilute the Company's common stock. The exercise of such warrants and options
would have a dilutive effect on the Company's common stock.  Also, to the extent
that persons who acquire shares under all the foregoing agreements sell those
shares in the market, the price of the Company's shares may decrease due to
additional shares in the market.

         Volatility of Stock Price and Risk of Litigation

         The Company's  common stock price has been  extremely  volatile and has
experienced  substantial  and sudden  fluctuations  in  response  to a number of
events and factors.  In addition,  the stock market has experienced  significant
price and volume fluctuations that have especially affected the market prices of
equity  securities of many high technology  companies,  and that often have been
unrelated to the operating  performance  of such  companies.  These broad market
fluctuations  have adversely  affected and may continue to adversely  affect the
market price of the Company's  common stock. In the past,  following  periods of
volatility  in the market  price of a  company's  securities,  securities  class
action  litigation  has often  been  instituted  against  such a  company.  Such
litigation  could result in  substantial  costs and a diversion of  management's
attention  and  resources,  which  would have a material  adverse  effect on the
Company's business, operating results and financial condition.

         Government Regulation and Uncertainties of Future Regulation

         The  financial  services  industry is subject to extensive  and complex
federal and state regulation.  The Company's current and prospective  customers,
which consist of state and federally chartered banks,  savings and loans, credit
unions,  consumer  finance  companies  and other  consumer  lenders,  as well as
customers  in the real  estate  development,  real  estate  sales and  insurance
industries  that the Company may target in the future,  operate in markets  that
are subject to extensive  and complex  federal and state  banking and  insurance
regulation.  The Company's products and services must be designed to work within
the  extensive  and  evolving  regulatory  constraints  in which  its  customers
operate. These constraints include federal and state truth-in-lending disclosure
rules,  state usury laws, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Electronic Funds
Transfer Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Community Reinvestment Act, and
restrictions  on the  establishment,  number and location of branch  offices and
remote electronic banking facilities such as automated teller machines.  Because
many of these  regulations were  promulgated  before the development of products
that enable  electronic  commerce,  the  application of such  regulations to any
products  and  services  developed  by  the  Company  must  be  determined  on a
case-by-case  basis.  The Company has not  attempted  to review the laws of each
state that might be applicable  to the  deployment of its products and services.
It is possible  that other states may have or will in the future adopt  specific
regulations applicable to the deployment and operation of the Company's products
and services.  Regulations  currently existing or promulgated in the future that
significantly restrict the ability of a financial institution to install ALMs at
multiple locations outside branch offices or otherwise  adversely affect the use
of ALMs or any other  products or services the Company has or may develop  could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,  operating results and
financial condition.

         Anti-Takeover Provisions

         Certain  provisions  of Delaware law and the Company's  Certificate  of
Incorporation and bylaws could have the effect of making it more difficult for a
third party to acquire,  or of  discouraging  a third party from  attempting  to
acquire,  control of the  Company.  Such  provisions  could limit the price that
certain  investors  might be  willing  to pay in the  future  for  shares of the
Company's  common  stock.  These  provisions  of Delaware law and the  Company's
Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws may also have the effect of discouraging
or preventing  certain types of  transactions  involving an actual or threatened
change of control of the Company (including unsolicited takeover attempts), even
though such a transaction may offer the Company's  stockholders  the opportunity
to sell their stock at a price above the  prevailing  market  price.  Certain of
these  provisions  allow the Company to issue preferred stock with rights senior
to those of the common  stock and other rights that could  adversely  affect the
interest of holders of common  stock  without any further  vote or action by the
stockholders.  The issuance of preferred stock, for example,  could decrease the
amount of earnings or assets available for distribution to the holders of common
stock or could adversely affect the rights and powers,  including voting rights,
of the holders of the common  stock.  In certain  circumstances,  such  issuance
could have the effect of  decreasing  the market price of the common  stock,  as
well as having the anti-takeover effects discussed above.

         Risk of System Failure or Interruption

         The  Company  would be unable to  deliver  its  services  if its system
infrastructure broke down or was otherwise interrupted.  Events that could cause
such system  interruption  include,  but are not limited to,  fire,  earthquake,
power loss,  telecommunications failure, and unauthorized entry or other events.
The Company cannot assure uninterrupted  service of its processing  capabilities
in the  event of a  regional  natural  disaster,  power  outage,  communications
interruption,   or  other  catastrophic  event.  Also,  the  Company  has  never
experienced  substantial transaction volumes that may stress the capacity of its
systems.  There is a  possibility  that the  Company's  existing  systems may be
inadequate to handle  substantially  increased  transaction  volumes,  which may
cause serious failures of its services.  Finally, although the Company regularly
backs up data from its operations  and takes other  measures to protect  against
loss of data,  there is still some risk of some losses.  A system outage or data
loss could materially and adversely affect the Company's business.

         The Company's  infrastructure  may be  vulnerable to computer  viruses,
hackers, rogue employees or similar sources of disruption. Any damage or failure
that causes  interruptions  in the  Company's  operations  could have a material
adverse  effect on the  Company's  business.  Any problem of this  nature  could
result in  significant  liability  to  customers  and also may  deter  potential
customers from using the Company's services.

Item 2.  Properties

         The  Company's  principal  executive  offices  are located at 1201 Main
Street in Columbia, South Carolina. Such office space encompasses  approximately
33,000  square feet and is  currently  under lease  which  expires in 2001.  The
Company  also leases  approximately  2,800  square feet of office  space at 1500
Hampton Street,  Suite 130, in Columbia,  South Carolina,  under a lease that is
due to expire  in August  2001.  The  Company's  primary  assembly  and  quality
assurance  facilities are located at 2500 Leaphart Road in West Columbia,  South
Carolina,  which  encompasses  approximately  7,500 square feet and is currently
under a sublease arrangement which expires in August 2001.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

         The Company  settled its lawsuit  against The Dime  Savings Bank of New
York on January 22, 2001.  The lawsuit arose out of the Company's  contract with
The Dime Savings  Bank  relating to the  development  of a system to process and
automate decisioning of automobile loans. This contract was acquired by The Dime
Savings Bank in connection with its acquisition of the indirect  automobile loan
business formerly operated by Citibank, N. A.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

         Not applicable.
                      Executive Officers of the Registrant

  Name                       Age             Position with the Company
  Joseph A. Boyle            47              Chairman, President, Chief
                                             Executive Officer, and Chief
                                             Financial Officer
  Terrence J. Sabol, Sr.     54              Senior Vice President of Technology
  Gina Champion              37              Senior Vice President and General
                                             Counsel and Secretary

Joseph A. Boyle became  President and Chief Executive  Officer of the Company in
January  2000 and  Chairman  in March 2001.  Mr.  Boyle has also served as Chief
Financial  Officer of the Company since  September 1996. Mr. Boyle also held the
title of Senior Vice President from September 1996 to January 2000 and Treasurer
from May 1997. From May 1997 to July 1998, Mr. Boyle also served as Secretary of
the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Boyle served as Price Waterhouse,
LLP's  engagement  partner  for most of its  Kansas  City,  Missouri,  financial
services  clients and was a member of the firm's  Mortgage  Banking  Group.  Mr.
Boyle was employed by Price Waterhouse, LLP from June 1982 to August 1996.

Terrence J. Sabol, Sr., Senior Vice President of Technology,  joined the Company
in October 1995.  From July 1990 to October 1995, he served as Products  Manager
for Policy Management Systems  Corporation,  a Columbia,  South Carolina company
that provides and supports computer systems for insurance companies.

Gina Champion became Senior Vice President and Chief  Administrative  Officer of
the Company in March 2000.  Ms.  Champion has also served as General  Counsel of
the Company since 1997 and as Secretary of the Company since July 1998. Prior to
joining the Company in 1996,  Ms.  Champion  engaged in the private  practice of
law.


Part II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

(a)           Effective  February  12,  2001,  the  Company's  common  stock was
              delisted from the Nasdaq  Smallcap Market and began trading on the
              OTC  Bulletin  Board.  The  Company's  common  stock traded on the
              Nasdaq  SmallCap Market from March 27, 2000, to February 12, 2001.
              Prior to March 27, 2000, the Company's  common stock was traded on
              the Nasdaq  National Market under the symbol "AFFI." The following
              table  presents  the high and low sales  prices  of the  Company's
              Common Stock for the periods  indicated  during 1999 and 2000,  as
              reported by the Nasdaq Stock  Market.  As of March 7, 2001,  there
              were 283 stockholders of record of the Common Stock.


                                          Sales Price Per Share
                                           High            Low
                   1999
                   First Quarter           2.50           0.63
                   Second Quarter          3.81           1.19
                   Third Quarter           1.78           0.69
                   Fourth Quarter          1.31           0.41
                   2000
                   First Quarter           4.38           0.47
                   Second Quarter          2.16           0.75
                   Third Quarter           1.31           0.63
                   Fourth Quarter          0.66           0.09

              The Company has never paid  dividends  on its capital  stock.  The
              Company  intends  to  retain  earnings,  if  any,  for  use in its
              business and does not anticipate  paying any cash dividends in the
              foreseeable future.

              On October 27,  2000,  the  Company  issued  20,000  shares of its
              common stock to an outside  consultant  retained by the Company to
              pursue  opportunities to exploit the Company's  financial  account
              patent.  The  Company  issued  such  shares  in  reliance  on  the
              exemption from  registration in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act
              of 1933, as amended.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(b)           The  Company's  registration  statement  on  Form  S-1  (File  No.
              333-1170) with regard to an initial  public  offering of 5,060,000
              shares of common stock, par value $.0001 per share, of the Company
              was declared  effective by the Securities and Exchange  Commission
              on April 24, 1996. As set forth in the  Company's  Form SR, Report
              of Sales of Securities and Use of Proceeds  Therefrom,  Montgomery
              Securities and Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation
              acted  as  the  managing  underwriters  for  the  offering,  which
              commenced April 25, 1996. As of December 31, 2000, the Company has
              used net proceeds of $60,088,000 from the offering as follows:





                                                           Direct or indirect  payments to
                                                           directors,   officers,  general
                                                           partners   of  the   issuer  or
                                                           their  associates;  to  persons
                                                           owning  ten  percent or more of
                                                           any class of equity  securities
                                                           of   the    issuer;    and   to      Direct or indirect
                                                           affiliates of the issuer.            payments to others
                                                           --------------------------------    ----------------------

<S>                                                              <C>                                 <C>
Construction of plant, building and facilities                                                       $            -
Purchase and installation of machinery and equipment                                                       5,994,000
Purchase of real estate                                                                                           -
Acquisition of other business(es)                                                                           300,000
Repayment of indebtedness                                         $       771,000 1                       1,000,000
Working capital                                                                                          34,072,400
Temporary investments:
     US Treasury obligations                                                                                      -
     Commercial paper                                                                                             -
     Money market /cash                                                                                           -
Other purposes:
     Marketing                                                                                            4,564,000
     Research & development                                                                              11,129,600
     Purchase of software                                                                                 2,257,000
1  Reflects  the  repayment  of debt  owed to  Carolina  First  Corporation,  as
described under the caption "Use of Proceeds" in the Company's Prospectus, dated
April 25, 1996.

</TABLE>

<TABLE>


Item 6.  Selected Financial Data

         The following table presents selected financial data of the Company for
the  periods  indicated.   The  following  financial  data  should  be  read  in
conjunction  with the information set forth under  "Management's  Discussion and
Analysis of  Financial  Condition  and  Results of  Operations,"  the  Company's
Consolidated  Financial  Statements  and Notes  thereto  and  other  information
included elsewhere in this report.
<CAPTION>

                                                                   Year ended
                                                                  December 31,
                                             2000              1999             1998            1997            1996
                                       ------------------ ---------------- --------------- --------------- ---------------
<S>                                          <C>              <C>              <C>            <C>             <C>
Statements of Operations Data:
Revenues                                     $ 2,155,513      $ 2,874,901      $2,656,259     $ 4,146,899     $ 5,081,818
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenues                                 557,328        2,262,468       1,644,653       2,125,646       3,088,321
Research and development                         683,600        1,870,509       2,559,600       3,526,257       2,905,232
Impairment loss                                2,608,773                -               -               -               -
Selling, general and
     administrative expenses                   7,604,478       11,208,310      14,358,335      15,892,560      10,819,381
                                       ------------------ ---------------- --------------- --------------- ---------------
Total costs and expenses                      11,454,179       15,341,287      18,562,588      21,544,463      16,812,934
                                       ------------------ ---------------- --------------- --------------- ---------------
Operating loss                               (9,298,666)     (12,466,386)    (15,906,329)    (17,397,564)    (11,731,116)
Interest income                                  168,033          375,514       1,044,251       2,033,571       2,099,004
Interest expense                                (72,463)          (3,764)        (10,923)        (35,359)        (60,083)
                                       ------------------ ---------------- --------------- --------------- ---------------
Net loss                                     (9,203,096)     (12,094,636)    (14,873,001)    (15,399,352)     (9,692,195)

                                       ================== ================ =============== =============== ===============
Net loss per share -
     basic and diluted                       $    (0.30)      $    (0.41)      $   (0.50)      $   (0.54)      $   (0.40)
                                       ================== ================ =============== =============== ===============

Shares used in computing
     net loss per share                       30,242,054       29,738,459      29,755,034      28,477,880      24,136,480
                                       ================== ================ =============== =============== ===============

                                                                         December 31,
                                            2000             1999             1998            1997             1996
                                       ---------------- ---------------- --------------- ---------------- ---------------
Balance Sheet Data:

Cash and cash equivalents                    $ 646,198      $ 2,116,016     $ 2,026,932       $4,470,185     $31,563,950
Short-term investments                               -        1,474,949       8,068,310       19,135,415      10,583,997
Working capital                              2,216,854        4,637,238      13,543,782       28,599,560      43,672,679
Net investment in sales-type
      leases, less current portion                   -          249,830         574,347        1,328,741       2,386,010
Total assets                                 5,638,453       13,129,528      24,196,875       42,209,570      56,098,857
Notes payable, less
     current portion                           951,456                -               -                -               -
Capital lease obligations to related                 -
     party, less current portion                                      -               -                -          66,245
Capital stock of subsidiary held                     -
     by minority investor                       22,668                -               -                -         200,000
Stockholders' equity                         2,326,314       10,670,980      22,556,201       39,230,570      52,134,639
</TABLE>

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
         of Operations

Overview

         The Company was formed in 1994 to develop and market  technologies that
enable financial institutions and other businesses to provide consumer financial
services  electronically with reduced or no human intervention.  From the period
of inception  (January 12, 1994)  through  December 31, 1994,  the Company was a
development stage company, and its activities  principally related to developing
its DeciSys/RT  technology (formerly known as the "DSS System") and the Affinity
ALM, raising capital and recruiting personnel.

         To date, the Company has generated  substantial  operating losses,  has
experienced  an extremely  lengthy sales cycle for its products and services and
has been  required to use a  substantial  amount of cash  resources  to fund its
operations.  If the  Company had  continued  to use cash at the rate used during
2000,  the Company  would have  depleted its existing cash reserves in the first
quarter of 2001. The Company has taken certain measures to increase and preserve
its cash  resources.  These  measures  include  the  placement  of a $1  million
convertible  debenture in November 2000 and a 33% reduction in its work force in
March 2001.  The Company  believes that existing cash and  internally  generated
funds will be sufficient to fund its  operations  through the second  quarter of
2001.  However,  the  Company may  encounter  unexpected  expenses,  the loss of
anticipated  revenues  and other  developments  that may  impact  the  Company's
ability to fund operations for the entire second quarter of 2001. Moreover,  the
Company  believes that  existing cash  resources  will be  insufficient  to fund
operations after the second quarter of 2001. To remain viable,  the Company must
substantially increase its revenues or raise additional capital. To maintain the
minimal resources necessary to support its current operations,  the Company does
not believe that substantial  additional reductions in its operating expenses is
feasible.  No assurances  can be given that the Company will be able to increase
revenues or raise additional capital in a manner that would allow it to continue
its operations.

         The market for the Company's products and services is new, evolving and
uncertain,  and it is  difficult  to  determine  the size and predict the future
growth rate,  if any, of this market.  In addition,  the market for products and
services that enable electronic commerce is highly competitive and is subject to
rapid innovation and competition  from traditional  products and services having
all or some of the same  features as products and services  enabling  electronic
commerce.  Competitors in this market have frequently taken different  strategic
approaches  and have launched  substantially  different  products or services in
order to exploit the same  perceived  market  opportunity.  Until the market has
validated a strategy through widespread  acceptance of a product or service,  it
is difficult to identify all current or potential  market  participants or gauge
their relative competitive position.

Results of Operations

         Revenues.  The Company's  revenues  were  $2,155,513,  $2,874,901,  and
$2,656,259 for the years ended December 31, 2000,  1999 and 1998,  respectively.
The types of revenue  recognized by the Company in the years ended  December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998 are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              Years ended December 31,
                                           2000                           1999                          1998
                               ----- ------------------ ---    --- ------------------- ---    -- ------------------- ---
                                                    % of                           % of                          % of
                                   Amount           Total         Amount           Total         Amount          Total
                               ---------------     --------    --------------     --------    --------------    --------
<S>                                 <C>               <C>          <C>               <C>          <C>              <C>
Transaction fees                    $ 544,168         25.2         $ 538,073         18.7         $ 750,936        28.3
Mortgage processing fees              432,438         20.1           397,024         13.8           453,657        17.1
Initial set-up fees                         -            -                 -            -            91,000         3.4
Sales and rental fees                   3,000          0.1            48,962          1.7            66,369         2.5
Professional services fees            319,503         14.8           850,497         29.6           797,301        30.0
Patent license revenue                510,000         23.7           645,000         22.4                 -           -
Other income                          346,404         16.1           395,345         13.8           496,996        18.7
                               ---------------     --------    --------------     --------    --------------    --------
                                  $ 2,155,513        100.0       $ 2,874,901        100.0        $2,656,259       100.0
                               ===============     ========    ==============     ========    ==============    ========
</TABLE>

         Transaction  fees.  The slight  increase  in  transaction  fees in 2000
compared to 1999 is  attributable  to an  increase  in the volume of  automobile
loans processed through the Company's iDEAL system in 2000 compared to 1999. The
Company's  only  iDEAL  customer   significantly   curtailed  its  auto  lending
activities in late 2000.  The decrease in  transaction  fees in 1999 compared to
1998  is  attributable  primarily  to  the  sale  of the  Company's  Transaction
Processing  Division ("TPS") in December 1998.  Transaction fees associated with
processing credit and debit card transactions through the Company's TPS division
were approximately $218,000 in 1998.

         Mortgage processing fees. Surety Mortgage,  Inc.  ("Surety"),  a wholly
owned  subsidiary  of the Company,  was formed to deploy and test the  Company's
automated  mortgage loan application  system,  and engages in mortgage brokerage
activities which involve  originating,  processing and selling mortgage loans to
outside investors.  Surety originates and processes mortgage loans directly with
consumers or on behalf of  correspondents,  and immediately  sells such loans to
institutions  that  sponsor  the loan  programs  offered by Surety.  Surety only
offers  loans that will be acquired by such  institutions  under such  programs.
Upon making the loan commitment to the borrower,  Surety immediately  receives a
commitment  from an  institution  to  acquire  the loan upon  closing.  Mortgage
processing  fees include gains on sales of mortgage  loans to  institutions  and
loan fees received for  originating  and processing the loan.  Loan  origination
fees and all other direct costs associated with originating loans are recognized
at the time the loans are sold. The increase in mortgage loan processing fees in
2000  compared  to 1999  is  attributable  to the  increased  deployment  of the
Company's  technology in 2000, which resulted in the processing of more mortgage
loans.  In 2000 Surety  processed and closed an aggregate  principal  balance of
loans of approximately $17,860,000.  The decrease in mortgage processing fees in
1999 compared to 1998 is  attributable  to the processing of fewer loans in 1999
compared to 1998.  In 1999 Surety  processed  and closed an aggregate  principal
balance  of loans  of  approximately  $17,408,000  compared  with  approximately
$21,745,000 in 1998.

         Initial  set-up  fees.  The  Company did not deploy any ALMs in 2000 or
1999 and, accordingly, recognized no set-up fees. Set-up fees recognized in 1998
relate to the deployment of one ALM and the  recognition of previously  deferred
set-up fees associated with a customer's decision not to deploy ALMs.

         Sales and rental fees.  During 2000, all ALM operating  leases expired,
and the Company  recognized $3,000 of rental payments  associated with its final
lease.  The decrease in sales and rental revenue in 1999 compared to 1998 is due
to a decrease  in the number of ALMs  deployed  under  operating  leases in 1999
compared to 1998 for which there were scheduled rental payments.

         Professional   services  fees.  When  the  Company  agrees  to  provide
professional  services to customize its core technology to conform to a specific
customer request, the Company generally enters into a contract with the customer
for the  performance  of these services which  typically  defines  deliverables,
specific  delivery and  acceptance  dates and specified  fees for such services.
Upon completion and acceptance of the specific deliverables by the customer, the
Company recognizes the corresponding  revenue as professional  services revenue.
In 2000  the  Company  recognized  $309,503  of  professional  services  revenue
associated with final enhancements to its e-xpertLender system for one customer.
The level of professional  services revenue remained  relatively  consistent for
the years 1999 and 1998. In 1999, 64% and 36% of professional services fees were
associated  with the  customization  of the  Company's  e-xpertLender  and iDEAL
systems, respectively.  This customization was performed during the year to meet
the specific requirements of two of the Company's customers. These two customers
represent  100% of the  amounts  recognized  in 1999  for  customization  of the
e-xpertLender and iDEAL systems. In 1998,  professional services revenue related
primarily to the customization of the Company's  e-xpertLender  system to meet a
specific customer's requirements.  Such customer represented 99% of professional
services revenue in 1998.

         Patent  license  revenue.  The  Company was granted two patents in 1999
covering automated loan processing and one patent in 2000 covering the automated
establishment of a financial account.  Patent license revenue in 2000 related to
the granting of five patent  license  agreements,  of which three licenses  were
granted under a  sub-licensing  agreement with one customer.  The  sub-licensing
agreement was terminated in January 2001. In addition, 91% of the Company's 2000
patent license revenue was associated with the sub-licensing arrangement. Patent
license  revenue  in 1999  related  to the  granting  of  three  patent  license
agreements,  of which two, representing 93% of the Company's 1999 patent license
revenue, were associated with one customer.

Costs and Expenses

         Costs of Revenues.  Costs of revenues for the years ended  December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998 were $557,328,  $2,262,468,  and  $1,644,653,  respectively.
Cost of revenues  includes the direct costs  associated  with the  generation of
specific types of revenue and the allocation of certain indirect costs when such
costs  are  specifically   identifiable  and  allocable  to  revenue   producing
activities.  During the three  years ended  December  31,  2000,  the nature and
amounts of costs,  as well as gross  profit  margins,  associated  with  certain
revenue producing  activities varied  significantly due to changes in the nature
of the services offered by the Company and due to different  pricing  structures
offered to certain customers.

         Costs of revenues and the  percentage of the costs of revenues to total
costs of revenues for the years ended  December 31, 2000,  1999, and 1998 are as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       Year ended December 31,

                                             2000                          1999                            1998
                                  --- ------------------- ---    -- -------------------- --     --- ------------------- --------
                                                      % of                           % of                              % of
                                      Amount          Total         Amount          Total          Amount             Total
                                  ---------------    --------    --------------     -------     --------------     -------------
<S>                                    <C>              <C>          <C>               <C>          <C>                    <C>
Transaction fees                       $ 108,193        19.4         $ 209,424         9.2          $ 388,734              23.6
Mortgage processing fees                 212,397        38.0           194,239         8.6            192,726              11.7
Sales and rental fees                     52,240         9.4           445,581        19.7            379,775              23.1
Professional services fees               133,498        24.0           573,381        25.3            204,058              12.4
Patent license revenue                    51,000         9.2            64,500         3.0                  -                 -
Contract loss provision                        -           -           775,343        34.2            479,360              29.2
                                  ---------------    --------    --------------     -------     --------------     -------------
                                  ---------------    --------    --------------     -------     --------------     -------------
                                       $ 557,328       100.0        $2,262,468       100.0        $ 1,644,653             100.0
                                  ===============    ========    ==============     =======     ==============     =============
</TABLE>

         Costs of  transaction  fees.  The  cost of  transaction  fees  consists
primarily  of  the  direct  costs  incurred  by  the  Company  to  process  loan
applications through its systems. Such direct costs are associated with services
provided by third parties and includes the cost of credit reports, fraud reports
and  communications  networks used by the Company.  The decrease in the costs of
transaction  fees in 2000  compared  to  1999  is due to the  implementation  of
contractual  provisions  whereby certain of the Company's  customers assumed the
responsibility  for paying the direct costs  associated  with loan  transactions
processed on their behalf by the Company. The cost of transaction fees decreased
in 1999 compared to 1998 in direct  correlation  to a decrease in 1999 from 1998
of the volume of transactions the Company processed through its systems.

         Costs of mortgage  processing  fees.  The costs of mortgage  processing
fees  consist  of the  direct  cost  incurred  by  Surety  associated  with  the
underwriting,  processing  and closing of  mortgage  loans.  Such costs  include
credit reports,  appraisal reports,  flood  certifications,  administration fees
charged by the  purchasers  of loans and fees paid to other lenders that provide
certain  processing  services  associated with loans  originated by Surety.  The
costs of mortgage processing fees increased in 2000 compared to 1999 as a result
of an  increase  in the number of  mortgage  loans  processed  by Surety in 2000
compared to the previous  year. The costs of mortgage  processing  fees remained
consistent in 1999 compared to 1998 even though Surety  originated  fewer loans.
Accordingly,  costs of mortgage  processing  fees  increased on a  loan-for-loan
basis in 1999 compared to 1998. This increase was due to Surety's  increased use
of other  lenders to provide  certain  processing  services in 1999  compared to
1998.

         Costs of sales and  rental  fees.  Costs of sales and  rental  fees are
related to the cost of ALM hardware  components  associated  with ALMs  deployed
under sales-type leases,  maintenance of installed ALMs, amortization associated
with  capitalized ALMs and related systems  development  costs, and depreciation
associated with ALMs deployed under operating leases.  Costs of sales and rental
fees  decreased in 2000  compared to 1999 as a result of the  expiration  of the
Company's  last ALM  operating  lease.  In 2000 costs of sales and  rental  fees
consisted of depreciation and other costs incidental to the removal of remaining
ALMs under  operating  leases and  maintenance  associated  with  remaining ALMs
originally deployed under sales-type lease  arrangements.  Costs associated with
sales and rental fees remained consistent in 1999 compared to 1998 and reflected
an increase in  amortization  and  depreciation  related to ALMs deployed  under
operating  leases and related  systems.  Such  increase  was offset by lower ALM
maintenance  costs in 1999  compared  to 1998.  In 1998 the  costs of sales  and
rental fees consisted  primarily of depreciation  related to ALMs deployed under
operating  leases  and the  costs  associated  with  maintaining  the  Company's
installed base of ALMs.

         Under the terms of an agreement with one customer covering 30 ALMs, the
customer's payment obligation to the Company was based on ALM performance, which
resulted in revenues  insufficient to cover the depreciation  expense recognized
by the Company.  Accordingly, the cost of sales and rental revenues exceeded the
sales and rental  revenues  recognized  by the Company for such  contract.  This
contract  expired  in early  2000,  at which  time the  related  ALMs were fully
depreciated.

         Costs of professional services fees. The costs of professional services
fees  consist of the costs of the  direct  labor and the  allocation  of certain
indirect costs  associated  with  performing  software and system  customization
services for customers.  The costs of providing  professional services will vary
depending  upon the  nature  of  professional  services  rendered,  the level of
developers  assigned  to specific  projects  and the  duration  of the  project.
Accordingly,  the  margins  recognized  by the  Company  may vary  significantly
depending  upon the nature of the project.  The costs of providing  professional
services  decreased in 2000  compared to 1999 as a result of the decrease in the
level of projects requiring  professional services in 2000 compared to 1999. The
costs of providing  professional  services  increased  in 1999  compared to 1998
primarily as a result of the greater amount of time to conclude certain projects
in 1999 compared to 1998.

         Costs of  patent  license  revenue.  Costs of  patent  license  revenue
recognized in 2000 and 1999 consists of commissions paid to the Company's patent
licensing  agent and is  associated  with such  agent's  commissions  for patent
licenses  granted by the Company.  The Company  commenced  its patent  licensing
program in 1999.

         Contract loss provision. The Company periodically enters into long-term
development contracts to design, develop and install loan processing systems for
its  customers.  In  conjunction  with such  contracts the Company  periodically
evaluates  whether costs  incurred and estimated  future costs exceed  estimated
revenues  under  the  contract.  To the  extent  such  costs  exceed  contracted
revenues,  the Company records a charge to costs of revenues.  In 1999 and 1998,
the  Company  recorded  contract  loss  provisions  of  $775,343  and  $479,360,
respectively.

         Research  and  Development.  The  Company  accounts  for  research  and
development  costs as  operating  costs and  expenses  such  costs in the period
incurred.  In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 86
("SFAS 86"),  "Computer Software to be Sold, Leased or Otherwise  Marketed," the
Company  capitalizes  software costs  incurred in the  development of a software
application  after the  technological  feasibility of the  application  has been
established. Technological feasibility is established when an application design
and a working model of the application  have been completed and the completeness
of the working model and its consistency  with the application  design have been
confirmed by testing.  From the time  technological  feasibility  is established
until the time the  relevant  application  is available  for general  release to
customers,  software  development costs incurred are capitalized at the lower of
cost or net realizable value.  Thereafter,  costs related to the application are
again expensed as incurred. Capitalized software development costs are amortized
using  the  greater  of the  revenue  curve  or  straight-line  method  over the
estimated economic life of the application.  Software costs capitalized  include
direct  labor,  other costs  directly  associated  with the  development  of the
related  application  and an allocation of indirect  costs,  primarily  facility
costs and other costs associated with the Company's software  development staff.
The Company bases such allocation on the percentage of the Company's total labor
costs represented by the software development labor costs.

         Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2000,
were approximately $684,000,  compared to $1,871,000 and $2,560,000 for 1999 and
1998,  respectively.  The decrease in research and  development  expense in 2000
compared to 1999 and in 1999  compared to 1998 is due to an overall  decrease in
the number of employees  involved in development  activities in 2000 compared to
1999 and in 1999 compared to 1998.

         The Company  capitalized no costs associated with software  development
in 2000. During 1999 and 1998, the Company  capitalized  approximately  $138,000
and $1,041,000, respectively, of software development costs related primarily to
the  development  of certain  financial  service  applications  processed  using
DeciSys/RT.  When a product is  available  for  general  release  to  customers,
capitalization  of such  costs  is  discontinued  and  amounts  capitalized  are
generally amortized over a 48 month period.

         Selling,  General and  Administrative  Expenses.  Selling,  general and
administrative  ("SG&A")  expenses for the year ended  December  31, 2000,  were
approximately $7,604,000,  compared to $11,208,000 and $14,358,000 for the years
ended December 31, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

         SG&A expenses during 2000 consisted  primarily of personnel  expense of
approximately   $2,099,000;   professional   fees  of  approximately   $791,000;
depreciation and amortization expense of approximately $1,690,000;  rent expense
of approximately  $519,000; and writedown of deferred software development costs
of  approximately  $518,000.  SG&A expenses  during 1999 consisted  primarily of
personnel   expense   of   approximately   $4,283,000;   professional   fees  of
approximately  $969,000;  depreciation and amortization expense of approximately
$1,695,000; rent expense of approximately $903,000;  provision for excess rental
capacity of approximately  $449,000;  writedown of deferred software development
costs of approximately  $370,000;  and travel costs of  approximately  $270,000.
SG&A  expenses   during  1998   consisted   primarily  of  personnel   costs  of
approximately   $6,283,000;   professional  fees  of  approximately  $1,722,000;
depreciation  and  amortization  of  approximately  $1,693,000;  rent expense of
approximately  $915,000;   advertising  and  marketing  costs  of  approximately
$193,000;  deferred compensation expense amortization of approximately $599,000;
and travel costs of approximately $437,000.

         The decrease in SG&A in 2000  compared to 1999 is due to a  substantial
reduction in the Company's workforce in January 2000. Similarly, the decrease in
SG&A expense in 1999 compared to 1998 is due to a  substantial  reduction in the
Company's  workforce in the fourth quarter of 1998.  SG&A expenses were lower in
all material  categories in 2000 compared to 1999. Other than certain  increases
associated with contract services, the provision for excess rental capacity, and
certain   amounts  the  Company  wrote  off  related  to  capitalized   software
development  costs, SG&A expenses were lower in all material  categories in 1999
compared with 1998.

         Impairment Loss. The Company periodically  evaluates the carrying value
of long-lived assets to be held and used,  including  property and equipment and
goodwill. In accordance with its evaluation,  the Company recorded an impairment
loss of  approximately  $2,609,000 in 2000.  The  impairment  loss was primarily
attributable to certain assets used or associated with its software and consumer
loan  processing  business,  which  the  Company  has  significantly  curtailed.
Impairment  losses included  charges taken by the Company to reduce the carrying
value of property and  equipment  and  goodwill.  The Company did not record any
impairment losses in 1999 or 1998.

Interest Income

         Interest income of $168,033,  $375,514,  and  $1,044,251,  during 2000,
1999, and 1998, respectively, primarily reflects interest income attributable to
short-term  investments  and interest earned on mortgage loans during the period
they are held by Surety  pending sales to permanent  investors  under  mandatory
sales  commitments.  Interest income also reflects the  amortization of deferred
interest income  attributable to ALM sales-type leases. The decrease in interest
income in 2000  compared  to 1999 is  attributable  to a decrease in the average
cash and cash equivalents and investment  balances.  Similarly,  the decrease in
interest  income in 1999 compared to 1998 was  attributable to a decrease in the
average cash and cash  equivalents and investments  balances in 1999 compared to
1998.

Interest Expense

         Interest  expense for the year ended  December  31,  2000 was  $72,463,
compared to $3,764 and $10,923 for 1999 and 1998, respectively. Interest expense
recognized by the Company is primarily  attributable to a line of credit used by
the Company to fund mortgage  loans made by its wholly owned  subsidiary  Surety
Mortgage,  Inc. The increase in 2000 compared to 1999 is  attributable to higher
utilization of the line of credit in 2000 compared with the previous year.

Income Taxes

         The Company has recorded a valuation  allowance  for the full amount of
its net  deferred  income tax assets as of December 31,  2000,  1999,  and 1998,
based on  management's  evaluation of the  recognition  criteria as set forth in
Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards  No. 109,  "Accounting  for Income
Taxes."

Liquidity and Capital Resources

         The Company has generated net losses of $64,276,280 since its inception
and has financed its operations  primarily through net proceeds from its initial
public  offering in May 1996.  Net proceeds  from the Company's  initial  public
offering were $60,088,516. Additionally, in 2000 the Company sold 484,848 shares
of its common stock for $500,000 and sold a $1 million convertible debenture.

         The Company  continues  to use a  substantial  amount of existing  cash
resources to fund its  operations.  If the Company had  continued to use cash at
the rate used during 2000,  the Company  would have  depleted its existing  cash
reserves in the first quarter of 2001. The Company has taken certain measures to
increase and preserve its cash resources.  These measures  include the placement
of a $1 million  convertible  debenture in November  2000 and a 33% reduction in
its work force in March  2001.  The  Company  believes  that  existing  cash and
internally generated funds will be sufficient to fund its operations through the
second quarter of 2001. However,  the Company may encounter unexpected expenses,
the loss of  anticipated  revenues  and other  developments  that may impact the
Company's  ability to fund  operations  for the entire  second  quarter of 2001.
Moreover, the Company believes that existing cash resources will be insufficient
to fund  operations  after the second  quarter of 2001.  To remain  viable,  the
Company must substantially increase its revenues or raise additional capital. To
maintain the minimal resources necessary to support its current operations,  the
Company does not believe that substantial additional reductions in its operating
expenses is feasible.  No assurances  can be given that the Company will be able
to increase revenues or raise additional capital in a manner that would allow it
to continue its operations.

         In June 2000, the Company  entered into an agreement with Redmond Fund,
Inc. ("Redmond") under which Redmond acquired,  for $500,000,  484,848 shares of
the Company's common stock and a warrant to acquire an additional 484,848 shares
for $1.37 per share.  The  Company  has  registered  these  shares for resale by
Redmond under the  Securities  Act of 1933  pursuant to the Company's  agreement
with Redmond.

         On September 22, 2000, the Company entered into a convertible debenture
and warrants purchase agreement with AMRO International, S.A. ("AMRO") Under the
agreement,  on November  22, 2000 the Company  issued to AMRO an 8%  convertible
debenture in the principal  amount of $1,000,000.  The debenture is convertible,
at the option of AMRO,  into  shares of the  Company's  common  stock at a price
equal to the lesser of $1.00 per share or 65% of the average of the three lowest
closing prices of the Company's stock during the month prior to conversion.  The
debenture  matures 18 months after its issuance,  subject to earlier  conversion
and certain provisions  regarding  acceleration upon default and prepayment.  In
this regard,  the debenture  requires the Company to use no less than 25% of the
proceeds from any future  equity  financing to repay as much of the debenture as
it can at a price equal to 120% of the principal  amount of the  debenture  plus
all accrued and unpaid interest.  Under the agreement,  on November 22, 2000 the
Company also issued to AMRO a three-year  warrant to acquire  200,000  shares of
the Company's common stock. The warrant exercise price initially is $0.425.  The
warrant exercise price is subject to reduction in certain instances. As of March
30, 2001,  AMRO had  exercised a portion of the  debenture  into an aggregate of
3,037,931 shares of the Company's stock. The outstanding  principal amount as of
March 30, 2001, was $765,000.

         On September 26, 2000, the Company entered into a common stock purchase
agreement with another accredited investor. Under the agreement, the Company may
sell,  periodically in monthly  installments during a period of 18 months, up to
6,000,000  shares of the  Company's  common stock at a price equal to 85% of the
volume  adjusted  average  market  price of the  Company's  stock at the time of
issuance.  The Company  would not be  permitted  to sell any shares until it has
registered  such shares for resale by the investor  under the  Securities Act of
1933.  Under the  agreement,  the Company  issued to the  investor a  three-year
warrant to acquire  720,000 shares of the Company's  common stock at $0.8554 per
share.  In  addition,  any time the Company  sells any shares of stock under the
agreement,  it would be  required to issue to the  investor a 35-day  warrant to
acquire 25% of the number of shares sold.  The warrant would be  exercisable  at
the average  purchase price paid by the investor for such shares.  The amount of
capital the Company may raise under the common stock purchase  agreement  during
any month is not less than  $100,000 or more than the lesser of  $1,000,000,  or
4.5% of the product of the daily volume-weighted  average stock price during the
three-month  period prior to a drawdown  request and the total trading volume in
the  Company's  stock  during  the  same  three-month  period.  Based  on  these
limitations, the Company would not be able to sell any shares of its stock under
the equity line agreement as of March 30, 2001.

         Net cash  used  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2000,  to fund
operations was approximately $5,291,000 compared to approximately $6,101,000 and
$9,498,000 for 1999 and 1998, respectively. Proceeds from the offering and other
sources  of cash were  used to fund  current  period  operations,  research  and
development of approximately $684,000, and capital expenditures of approximately
$342,000. During 1999, proceeds from the offering and other sources of cash were
used  to  fund  current   period   operations,   research  and   development  of
approximately  $1,871,000,  software  development of approximately  $138,000 and
capital expenditures of approximately  $195,000.  During 1998, proceeds from the
offering and other sources of cash were used to fund current period  operations,
research and development of approximately  $2,560,000,  software  development of
approximately $1,041,000, capital expenditures of approximately $696,000 and the
repurchase of outstanding  shares of the Company's common stock of approximately
$2,404,000.  At December 31, 2000,  1999, and 1998, cash and liquid  investments
were $646,198,  $3,590,965, and $10,095,242,  respectively,  and working capital
was $2,216,854, $4,637,238, and $13,543,782, respectively.

         During  June  2000,  Surety  renewed  its  agreement  with a lender  to
maintain  a credit  facility  with a maximum  borrowing  amount  of  $2,000,000.
Pursuant  to the terms of the  agreement,  Surety may obtain  advances  from the
lender for funding of mortgage  loans made by Surety  during the interim  period
between the funding and sale of the loans to permanent  investors.  All advances
made pursuant to the agreement are secured by a security  interest in the rights
and benefits due Surety in conjunction  with the making of the underlying  loan.
The credit  facility  bears  interest at the  lender's  prime rate plus 50 basis
points and  expires  on June 1,  2001.  Surety  had  approximately  $923,000  in
outstanding  borrowings under the Loan Warehousing  Agreement as of December 31,
2000.

         Item 7(a).  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

         The Company's  market risk exposure is the potential  loss arising from
changes in interest  rates and its impact on the  Company's  mortgage  brokerage
business.  The  extent of market  rate risk to the  Company  due to  changes  in
interest  rates is not  quantifiable  or  predictable,  but the Company does not
believe  such risk is  material.  When the  Company  receives  a  commitment  to
originate  a  mortgage  loan  from a  consumer  or  correspondent,  the  Company
immediately  receives a commitment  from an investor to buy such mortgage  loan.
The Company does not believe that its mortgage  brokerage business exposes it to
significant market risk for changes in interest rates.

         Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplemental Data

         The  report  of  independent   auditors  and   consolidated   financial
statements are set forth below (see item 14(a) for list of financial  statements
and financial statement schedules):

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

Board of Directors and Shareholders
Affinity Technology Group, Inc.

         We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of
Affinity  Technology  Group,  Inc. and  subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000 and
1999 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity
and cash flows for each of the three  years in the  period  ended  December  31,
2000. The Company's audits also included the financial statement schedule listed
in the Index at Item 14(a) (2). These financial  statements and schedule are the
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.

         We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States.  Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable  assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An
audit also includes  assessing the accounting  principles  used and  significant
estimates  made by  management,  as well as  evaluating  the  overall  financial
statement  presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable  basis
for our opinion.

         In our opinion,  the  financial  statements  referred to above  present
fairly,  in all  material  respects,  the  consolidated  financial  position  of
Affinity  Technology  Group, Inc. and subsidiaries at December 31, 2000 and 1999
and the  consolidated  results of their operations and their cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended  December 31, 2000,  in  conformity  with
accounting  principles  generally  accepted in the United  States.  Also, in our
opinion,  the related financial statement schedule,  when considered in relation
to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly
in all material respects the information set forth therein.

         The accompanying  financial statements have been prepared assuming that
Affinity  Technology Group, Inc. will continue as a going concern. As more fully
described in Note 1, the Company has incurred recurring operating losses and has
an accumulated  deficit.  These  conditions  raise  substantial  doubt about the
Company's ability to continue as a going concern.  Management's  plans in regard
to these matters are also  described in Note 1. The financial  statements do not
reflect  any   adjustments  to  reflect  the  possible  future  effects  on  the
recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of
liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

                                                          /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP
Greenville, South Carolina
March 30, 2001

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                Affinity Technology Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets

                                                                               December 31,
                                                                        2000                   1999
                                                                ---------------------- ---------------------
Assets
Current assets:

<S>                                                               <C>                    <C>
  Cash and cash equivalents                                       $      646,198         $    2,116,016
  Investments                                                                  -              1,474,949
  Receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $9,467
    and $105,076 at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively           1,830,491                713,644
  Net investment in sales-type leases - current                          157,139                324,485
  Inventories                                                            977,274              1,224,532
  Other current assets                                                   388,961                626,354
                                                                ---------------------- ---------------------
Total current assets                                                   4,000,063              6,479,980
Net investment in sales-type leases - non-current                              -                249,830
Property and equipment, net                                              862,813              2,921,770
Software development costs, less accumulated
  amortization of $411,793 and $368,033 at December
  31, 2000 and 1999, respectively                                        299,179              1,199,053
Other assets                                                             476,398              2,278,895
                                                                ---------------------- ---------------------
Total assets                                                      $    5,638,453         $   13,129,528

                                                                ====================== =====================


                                                                               December 31,
                                                                        2000                   1999
                                                                ---------------------- ---------------------
Liabilities and stockholders' equity
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                                  $    252,040           $    215,897
  Accrued expenses                                                       414,717                788,763
  Accrued compensation and related benefits                              151,800                759,372
  Notes payable                                                          922,545                      -
  Current portion of deferred revenue - third parties                     42,107                 78,710
                                                                ---------------------- ---------------------
Total current liabilities                                              1,783,209              1,842,742
Convertible Debenture                                                    951,456                      -
Deferred revenue                                                         554,806                615,806
Capital stock of subsidiary held by minority investor                     22,668                      -
Commitments and contingent liabilities
Stockholders' equity:
  Common stock, par value $0.0001; authorized 60,000,000
     shares, issued 32,713,368 shares in 2000 and
     31,961,956 shares in 1999                                             3,271                  3,196
  Additional paid-in capital                                          70,084,414             69,394,954
  Common stock warrants                                                   52,000                      -
  Deferred compensation                                                  (31,804)              (163,167)
  Treasury stock, at cost (2,168,008 and 2,163,556 shares at
     December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively)                        (3,505,287)            (3,490,819)
  Accumulated deficit                                                (64,276,280)           (55,073,184)
                                                                ---------------------- ---------------------
Total stockholders' equity                                             2,326,314             10,670,980
                                                                ---------------------- ---------------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                        $    5,638,453         $   13,129,528
                                                                ====================== =====================


See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                Affinity Technology Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                      Consolidated Statements of Operations

                                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                              2000                   1999                   1998
                                                      ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------
<S>                                                     <C>                    <C>                    <C>
Revenues:
   Transactions                                         $       544,168        $       538,073        $       750,936
   Mortgage processing services                                 432,438                397,024                453,657
   Initial set-up                                                     -                      -                 91,000
   Sales and rental                                               3,000                 48,962                 66,369
   Professional services                                        319,503                850,497                797,301
   Patent license revenue                                       510,000                645,000                      -
   Other income                                                 346,404                395,345                496,996
                                                      ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------
                                                              2,155,513              2,874,901              2,656,259
Costs and expenses:
   Cost of revenues                                             557,328              2,262,468              1,644,653
   Research and development                                     683,600              1,870,509              2,559,600
   Selling, general and administrative expenses               7,604,478             11,208,310             14,358,335
   Impairment loss                                            2,608,773                      -                      -
                                                      ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------
Total costs and expenses                                     11,454,179             15,341,287             18,562,588
                                                      ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------
Operating loss                                               (9,298,666)           (12,466,386)           (15,906,329)
Interest income                                                 168,033                375,514              1,044,251
Interest expense                                                (72,463)                (3,764)               (10,923)
                                                      ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------
Net loss                                                $    (9,203,096)       $   (12,094,636)        $  (14,873,001)
                                                      ====================== ====================== =====================
Net loss per share - basic and diluted                  $         (0.30)       $         (0.41)        $        (0.50)
                                                      ====================== ====================== =====================
Shares used in computing net loss per share                  30,242,054             29,738,459             29,755,034
                                                      ====================== ====================== =====================


See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



                                      Affinity Technology Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                                      Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity

                                         Additional          Common                                                   Total
                               Common    Paid-in              Stock  Deferred         Treasury       Accumulated      Stockholders'
                               Stock     Capital           Warrants  Compensation     Stock          Deficit          Equity
                               --------- -------------- ------------ ---------------- -------------- ---------------- --------------
                               --------- -------------- ------------ ---------------- -------------- ---------------- --------------
<S>                            <C>        <C>                     <C>  <C>              <C>          <C>             <C>
 Balance at December 31, 1997  $   3,155  $ 69,858,571             -   $   (1,558,574)  $    (967,035) $(28,105,547)  $ 39,230,570
 Exercise of stock options             2         4,228             -                -               -             -          4,230
 Forfeiture of stock options           -      (470,254)            -          470,254               -             -             -
 Amortization of deferred
 compensation                          -           -               -          598,664               -             -        598,664
 Purchase of treasury stock            -           -               -                -      (2,404,262)            -     (2,404,262)
 Net loss                              -           -               -                -               -   (14,873,001)   (14,873,001)
                               --------- -------------- ------------ ---------------- -------------- ---------------- --------------
 Balance at December 31, 1998      3,157    69,392,545                       (489,656)     (3,371,297)  (42,978,548)    22,556,201
                                                                  -
 Exercise of stock options            39       173,209            -                 -        (119,522)             -        53,726
 Forfeiture of stock options           -      (170,800)           -           170,800               -              -             -
 Amortization of deferred
 compensation                          -           -              -           155,689               -              -       155,689
 Net loss                              -           -              -                 -               -   (12,094,636)   (12,094,636)
                               --------- -------------- ------------ ---------------- -------------- ---------------- --------------
 Balance at December 31, 1999      3,196    69,394,954            -          (163,167)     (3,490,819)  (55,073,184)    10,670,980
 Exercise of stock options            23       189,733            -                           (14,468)             -       175,288
 Forfeiture of stock options           -       (28,980)           -            28,980               -              -             -
 Amortization of deferred
 compensation                          -             -            -           102,383               -              -       102,383
 Issuance of common stock in
 private placement                    48       499,952            -                 -               -              -       500,000
 Issuance of common  stock as
 finder's fee                          4        28,755            -                 -               -              -        28,759
 Issuance  of  common   stock
 warrants                              -             -       52,000                 -               -              -        52,000
 Net loss                              -             -                              -               -     (9,203,096)   (9,203,096)
                               --------- -------------- ------------ ---------------- -------------- ---------------- --------------
 Balance at December 31, 2000 $    3,271  $ 70,084,414       52,000    $      (31,804)  $ (3,505,287)  $ (64,276,280)  $ 2,326,314
                               ========= ============== ============ ================ ============== ================ ==============



See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                Affinity Technology Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

                                                                               Years ended December 31,
                                                                  2000                   1999                   1998
                                                          ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------
<S>                                                           <C>                    <C>                   <C>
Operating activities

Net loss                                                      $(9,203,096)           $(12,094,636)         $(14,873,001)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in
  operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization                                 1,921,528              2,449,521              2,369,220
    Amortization of deferred compensation                           102,383                155,689                598,664
    Impairment Loss                                               2,608,773                      -                      -
    Writedown of software development costs                         517,903                369,787                      -
    Provision for doubtful accounts                                  60,000                 60,000                370,000
    Inventory valuation allowance                                   120,000                694,940              1,060,000
    Contract loss provision                                               -                775,343                479,360
    Deferred revenue                                                (97,603)               128,077                187,175
    Other                                                            21,926                 24,837                 94,808
    Changes in current assets and liabilities:
       Accounts receivable                                       (1,176,847)               (45,645)               543,906
       Net investment in sales-type leases                          417,176                534,425                937,388
       Inventories                                                  127,258                 71,051                450,258
       Other assets                                                 234,981                (55,395)            (1,029,727)
       Accounts payable                                              36,143                 31,278               (482,205)
       Accrued expenses                                            (338,050)               400,297                 (2,118)
       Accrued compensation and related benefits                   (643,568)               399,702               (201,721)
                                                          ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------
Net cash used in operating activities                            (5,291,093)            (6,100,729)            (9,497,993)
Investing activities
Purchases of property and equipment                                (342,403)              (194,726)              (696,122)
Proceeds from sale of property and equipment                         65,895                 16,872                 47,622
Software development costs                                                -               (137,940)            (1,041,091)
Purchases of short-term investments                                       -             (2,474,949)            (9,436,211)
Sales of short-term investments                                   1,474,949              9,068,310             20,503,316
                                                          ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------
Net cash provided by investing activities                         1,198,441              6,277,567              9,377,514
Financing activities
Proceeds from convertible debenture                               1,000,000                      -                      -
Proceeds from notes payable to third parties                     11,531,712                      -                141,480
Principal payments on capital leases                                      -                      -                (64,222)
Payments on notes payable to third parties                      (10,609,166)              (141,480)                     -
Purchase of treasury stock                                                -                      -             (2,404,262)
Proceeds from sale of common stock                                  500,000                      -                      -
Proceeds from sale of minority interest in subsidiary                25,000                      -                      -
Exercise of options                                                 175,288                 53,726                  4,230
                                                          ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities               2,622,834                (87,754)            (2,322,774)
                                                          ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------
Net (decrease) increase in cash                                  (1,469,818)                89,084             (2,443,253)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                    2,116,016              2,026,932              4,470,185

                                                          ---------------------- ---------------------- ---------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                       $       646,198     $     2,116,016        $     2,026,932
                                                          ====================== ====================== =====================

See accompanying notes.
</TABLE>




                Affinity Technology Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                                December 31, 2000

1.       Going Concern

         To date, Affinity Technology Group, Inc. ("the Company"), has generated
operating  losses,  has  experienced  an extremely  lengthy  sales cycle for its
products  and has been  required to use a  substantial  amount of existing  cash
resources  to fund its  operations.  The Company has taken  certain  measures to
increase and preserve its cash resources.  These measures  include the placement
of a $1 million  convertible  debenture in November  2000 and a 33% reduction in
its work force in March  2001.  The  Company  believes  that  existing  cash and
internally generated funds will be sufficient to fund its operations through the
second quarter of 2001. However,  the Company may encounter unexpected expenses,
the loss of  anticipated  revenues  and other  developments  that may impact the
Company's  ability to fund  operations  for the entire  second  quarter of 2001.
Moreover, the Company believes that existing cash resources will be insufficient
to fund  operations  after the second  quarter of 2001.  To remain  viable,  the
Company must substantially increase its revenues or raise additional capital. To
maintain the minimal resources necessary to support its current operations,  the
Company does not believe that substantial additional reductions in its operating
expenses is feasible.  No assurances  can be given that the Company will be able
to increase revenues or raise additional capital in a manner that would allow it
to continue its operations.

         Management  has developed a plan,  which if  successful,  will generate
sufficient  working  capital to sustain  the  Company's  operations  in 2001 and
beyond.   Management's  plan  included  further   reductions  in  the  Company's
workforce,  which  resulted in a 33%  decrease in  employees  in March 2001.  In
conjunction  with the reduction in workforce,  management has elected to suspend
the  marketing  of most  of its  products  as an  Application  Service  Provider
("ASP").  The Company will offer for sale its  proprietary  software  previously
utilized by the Company to offer its ASP services.

         Management's  plan  also  includes  the  continued  deployment  of  its
Mortgage  ALM  through  its  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  Surety  Mortgage,  Inc.
("Surety"),  and continuing to provide  outsourced loan processing  services for
third parties through  Surety.  Surety entered into its first  out-sourced  loan
processing contract in December 2000 and another similar contract in March 2001.

         The Company has been issued three patents covering fully automated loan
processing and  establishment  of financial  accounts.  Integral to management's
plan is the  continued  development  of a patent  licensing  program to generate
patent licensing revenue.

         Additionally,  in November 2000 the Company entered into an equity line
agreement.  Under  the terms of the  agreement,  the  Company  may issue up to 6
million shares of its common stock. The agreement  expires in May 2002. The rate
at which the  Company  may issue its common  shares  pursuant to the equity line
agreement is subject to certain  price and trading  volume  requirements  of the
Company's  common  stock.  Management's  ability  to  utilize  the  equity  line
agreement  for  purposes  of raising  additional  working  capital is  therefore
subject to general stock market conditions,  as well as the specific  perception
of the market concerning the value of the Company's common stock.  Moreover,  to
sell additional  shares of its common stock, the Company must first register the
shares by filing the prescribed  registration  statement with the Securities and
Exchange Commission and receive timely approval of such registration statement.

         The successful  execution of  management's  plan is subject to numerous
risks and  uncertainties,  many of which are beyond the  control of  management.
Management's  plan is highly  dependent upon the rapid expansion of its mortgage
operations through Surety.  Demand for mortgage loan products is cyclical and is
generally  proportionate  to  long-term  interest  rates  and  general  economic
conditions. Management's plan regarding the exploitation of its patents has been
limited  due to  the  lengthy  reexamination  of its  loan  processing  patents.
Further,  the Company's  patents are subject to  additional  challenges by third
parties and may require enforcement through lengthy litigation.

         Management's  plan also includes the  continued  evaluation of entering
into new agreements  under which the Company may sell  additional debt or equity
securities.  Additionally,  management  may  consider  selling  certain  assets,
including  some  or  all of  the  Company's  patents  or  its  mortgage  banking
operations.

         As a  result  of the  above,  there  is  substantial  doubt  about  the
Company's  ability to continue as a going concern.  The financial  statements do
not  include  any  adjustments  to reflect the  possible  future  effects on the
recoverability  and  classification  of assets or amounts and  classification of
liabilities that may result from this uncertainty.

2.       The Company

         The Company was  incorporated on January 12, 1994.  Since its formation
the Company has  concentrated  its product  development  efforts  primarily on a
"closed  loop"   electronic   commerce  system  that  utilizes  its  proprietary
Decisys/RT  technology  and  enables  financial  institutions  to  automate  the
processing and  consummation of consumer loans and other  financial  services at
the point of sale. This technology is designed to enable financial  institutions
to open new  distribution  channels  for their  products and  services,  thereby
increasing  assets and  revenues and  broadening  customer  relationships  while
reducing their operating and infrastructure costs.

         The Company has developed several products which utilize its DeciSys/RT
technology  to  process   certain  types  of  loans  with  little  or  no  human
intervention.  The Company's  iDEAL System allows the automated  decisioning and
processing of automobile loans originating at an automobile dealership.  Similar
to iDEAL, the Company's  e-xpertLender  System allows the automated  decisioning
and  processing  of loans  originating  at bank or other  financial  institution
branches.  The  Company's  Automated  Loan Machine  ("ALM")  which is similar in
appearance to an automated  teller machine allows consumers to apply for, and if
approved,   receive  a  loan,   including  the  loan  proceeds  and   underlying
documentation in as little as 10 minutes.

         Through its wholly owned subsidiary, Surety Mortgage, Inc., the Company
deploys its  Mortgage  ALM product in locations  where  consumers  are likely to
apply for a mortgage loan.  Surety deploys Mortgage ALMs,  accepts and processes
mortgage loan  applications  obtained through its Mortgage ALM network and sells
the mortgage loans to permanent investors.

3.       Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation

        The consolidated financial statements include the accounts  of  Affinity
Technology Group,  Inc. (the "Company" or "ATG") and its subsidiaries,  Affinity
Bank Technology Corporation, Affinity Clearinghouse Corporation, Affinity Credit
Corporation,   Affinity  Processing   Corporation  ("APC"),   Affinity  Mortgage
Technology,  Inc.,  decisioning.com and Multi Financial  Services,  Inc. and its
wholly owned  subsidiary  Surety  Mortgage,  Inc.,  ("Surety").  All significant
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

         The Company considers all highly liquid  investments with a maturity of
three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.

Investments

         The Company classifies its investments as held to maturity or available
for sale. At December 31, 2000 the Company had no  investments.  Investments  at
December 31, 1999, consisted of investments in certificates of deposit, or other
similar money market  investments with maturities of less than three months. The
Company had no unrealized  holding gains or losses  associated with  investments
classified as available for sale during the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999,
and 1998.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

         The carrying  amounts  reported in the balance  sheet for cash and cash
equivalents,  investments,  accounts  receivable,  net  investment in sales-type
leases,  accounts payable and notes payable  approximate their fair values. Fair
values of investments are based on quoted market prices.

Inventories

         Inventories  at  December  31, 2000 and 1999 are stated at the lower of
cost or market.  Cost is determined using the first-in,  first-out ("FIFO") cost
flow assumption.

Other Current Assets

         Other  current  assets at  December  31,  2000  consisted  of  deferred
contract  costs of $176,083 and prepaid  expenses of  $212,878.  At December 31,
1999,  other current  assets  consisted of deferred  contract costs of $329,266,
prepaid expenses of $275,954 and interest receivable of $21,134.

Property and Equipment

         Property  and  equipment  are  recorded  at  cost.   Depreciation   and
amortization  are computed  using the  straight-line  method over the  estimated
useful lives of the assets.  Estimated useful lives range from five to ten years
for  office  furniture  and  fixtures  and  three to five  years  for all  other
depreciable assets.  Depreciation  expense (including  amortization of equipment
leased under  capital  leases) was  approximately  $1,620,000,  $1,807,000,  and
$1,893,000 during 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.

Software Development Costs

         Costs incurred in the development of software, which is incorporated as
part of the  Company's  products or sold  separately,  are  capitalized  after a
product's technological feasibility has been established. Capitalization of such
costs is  discontinued  when a product  is  available  for  general  release  to
customers.  Software  development  costs are capitalized at the lower of cost or
net realizable value and amortized using the greater of the revenue curve method
or the  straight-line  method over the  estimated  economic  life of the related
product.  Amortization  begins  when a product is ready for  general  release to
customers.  The  net  realizable  value  of  unamortized  capitalized  costs  is
periodically  evaluated  and, to the extent such costs exceed the net realizable
value,  unamortized  amounts are reduced to net  realizable  value.  In 2000 and
1999,  the Company  recorded  charges of  approximately  $518,000 and  $370,000,
respectively,  to reduce recorded balances of unamortized  capitalized  software
costs to their net realizable value.

         Amortization  of capitalized  software  development  was  approximately
$382,000, $342,000 and $82,000 during 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.

Valuation of Long-Lived Assets

         In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121,
"Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to
Be Disposed Of" ("SFAS 121"),  the Company  periodically  evaluates the carrying
value of long-lived assets to be held and used, including property and equipment
and goodwill,  when events and circumstances warrant such a review. The carrying
value  of a  long-lived  asset  is  considered  impaired  when  the  anticipated
undiscounted  cash flow from such asset is separately  identifiable  and is less
than its carrying value. In the event of such, a loss is recognized based on the
amount  by  which  the  carrying  value  exceeds  the fair  market  value of the
long-lived  asset.   Fair  market  value  is  determined   primarily  using  the
anticipated cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with the risk involved.
In 2000 the Company  recorded certain  impairment  charges related to certain of
its  long-lived  assets.   Impairment  charges  recorded  by  the  Company  were
approximately:  property and equipment,  $1,103,000;  goodwill,  $1,453,000 (see
"Intangible Assets" below); and other non-current assets of $53,000.

Intangible Assets

         Intangible  assets arising from the excess of cost over acquired assets
are amortized by the  straight-line  method over their estimated  useful life of
ten years.  Intangible assets,  primarily  goodwill,  consisted of approximately
$1,470,000  which  was  recorded  in  conjunction  with the  acquisition  of Buy
American,  Inc.  and Project  Freedom,  Inc.  (see Note 10),  and  approximately
$1,400,000  which was  recorded in  conjunction  with the exchange of APC common
stock  for  ATG  common  stock.  See  "Minority  Investor"  below.   Accumulated
amortization  associated with these intangible assets approximated  $528,000 and
$661,000 at December 31, 2000 and 1999,  respectively.  In  accordance  with its
evaluation of its long-lived  assets,  the Company recorded an impairment charge
related to goodwill in the amount of  $1,453,000.  Such charges  eliminated  the
recorded  balance of goodwill  associated  with the exchange of APC common stock
for ATG common stock and reduced the unamortized  balance of goodwill associated
with the  acquisition  of Buy  American  and  Project  Freedom to  approximately
$473,000.

Minority Investor

         An unrelated third party  exchanged  240,570 shares of APC common stock
for 666,667  shares of the Company's  common stock on May 21, 1997. The exchange
was  accounted  for as a purchase  of  minority  interest  in a  majority  owned
subsidiary.  The fair market value of the Company's  common stock at the time of
the  exchange  was  approximately  $1,600,000.  The  unrelated  third  party had
previously  acquired the shares of APC common stock for aggregate  consideration
of $125,000,  and 90,988 shares of APC convertible  preferred  stock,  which was
acquired for aggregate  consideration of $75,000.  These holdings  represented a
24.9% minority interest in APC at the date of exchange.

Software Revenue Recognition

         The Company has adopted the  American  Institute  of  Certified  Public
Accountants  ("AICPA") Statement of Position 97-2 "Software Revenue Recognition"
("SOP  97-2"),  as amended,  effective for  transactions  entered into in fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 1997. SOP 97-2 provides  guidance on software
revenue  recognition  associated  with the  licensing  and  selling of  computer
software.  The  Company  did  not  recognize  any  revenue  during  2000 or 1999
associated with contracts subject to SOP 97-2 guidance.

Revenue Recognition

Transaction  fees -  Transaction  fee  revenue  is  recognized  as  the  related
transactions  are processed.  Transaction  processing  fees revenue  represented
approximately  25%, 19%, and 28% of total revenue  during 2000,  1999, and 1998,
respectively.

Mortgage processing  services - Surety engages in mortgage brokerage  activities
which  generally  involve  originating,  processing,  and selling  mortgage loan
products to outside investors. Surety originates and/or processes mortgage loans
directly with consumers or on behalf of  correspondents  and  immediately  sells
such loans to investors that sponsor the loan programs offered by Surety. Surety
only offers loans that will be acquired by the  investors  under such  programs.
Upon making the loan commitment to the borrower,  Surety immediately  receives a
commitment from an investor to acquire the loan upon closing.  Loan  origination
fees include gains on sales of mortgage loans to investors and loan  origination
fees received for originating and processing the loan. Loan origination fees and
all direct costs  associated with  originating  loans are recognized at the time
the loans are sold.

Initial set-up - The Company leases ALMs to customers  utilizing both sales-type
and operating  lease  arrangements  and  concurrently  enters into a service and
processing  agreement (the "ALS Agreement")  with the customer.  Pursuant to the
ALS  Agreement,  the  customer  pays an initial  set-up  fee which is  initially
recognized  as deferred  revenue.  Generally  upon  installation  of an ALM, the
Company recognizes as revenue the portion of the initial set-up fee attributable
to the related  costs of set-up and  installation.  The remainder of the initial
fee is deferred and amortized ratably over the term of the ALS Agreement.

Sales and  rental - Revenue  and costs  related to leases of ALM  equipment  are
recognized in accordance  with Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No.
13,  "Accounting  for Leases" (see Note 4).  Revenue from  sales-type  leases is
generally  recognized  when the  equipment  is  installed  and  accepted  by the
customer. Operating lease revenue is recognized ratably over the lease term.

Professional  services - In conjunction  with the  installation of the Company's
technology,  periodically additional customer specific technology development is
performed  by the  Company in the form of  professional  services.  The  Company
generally  enters into a contract with the customer for the performance of these
services.  Upon  completion  and  acceptance  of  professional  services  by the
customer, the Company recognizes the corresponding revenue.

Patent  licensing  -  The  Company  recognizes  revenue  from  patent  licensing
activities  pursuant to the provisions of each license  agreement  which specify
the periods to which the related license and corresponding revenue applies.

Software  licensing  - The  Company  recognizes  revenue  from sales of software
licenses upon delivery of the software product to a customer, unless the Company
has significant  related  obligations  remaining.  When significant  obligations
remain after the software product has been delivered,  revenue is not recognized
until such  obligations  have been completed or are no longer  significant.  The
costs of any remaining  insignificant  obligations  are accrued when the related
revenue is recognized.

Deferred  revenues - Deferred  revenues relate to unearned revenue on ALM leases
and certain  other  amounts  billed to  customers  for which  acceptance  of the
underlying product or service is not fully complete.

Cost of Revenues

         Cost of revenues  consists of costs  associated  with  initial  set-up,
transaction fees, sales and rental revenues,  professional services and mortgage
processing services. Additionally,  contract loss provisions are charged to cost
of revenues.  Costs  associated  with initial set-up fees include  labor,  other
direct costs and an allocation of related  indirect  costs.  The Company did not
deploy any ALMs during 2000 and 1999 and deployments were insignificant in 1998.
No costs were incurred in 2000, 1999 and 1998 in association with initial set-up
revenue  recognized.  Costs  associated with transaction fees include the direct
costs  incurred by the Company  related to  transactions  it  processes  for its
customers.  Costs of  transaction  fees  approximated  $108,000,  $209,000,  and
$389,000 in 2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.  Costs associated with sales and
rental revenues include the cost of the leased ALM hardware,  other direct costs
and an allocation of related  indirect  costs.  Costs of ALM hardware sold under
sales-type leases,  depreciation  expense for hardware leased to customers under
operating  leases  and other  direct  costs  associated  with  sales and  rental
revenues totaled  approximately  $52,000,  $446,000,  and $380,000 for the years
ended December 31, 2000,  1999, and 1998,  respectively.  Costs  associated with
professional  services  include  labor,  other direct costs and an allocation of
related indirect costs.  Labor and other direct and allocation of indirect costs
associated with professional services totaled approximately $133,000,  $573,000,
and  $204,000  for  the  years  ended   December  31,  2000,   1999,  and  1998,
respectively.  Costs associated with mortgage processing services include direct
costs  associated  with  originating  and processing  mortgage loans and totaled
approximately  $212,000,  $194,000 and $193,000 for the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998,  respectively.  Costs of patent license revenues consist of
commissions  paid by the  Company  to its  patent  licensing  agent and  totaled
$51,000  and  $64,500  for  the  years  ended   December   31,  2000  and  1999,
respectively. In 1999 and 1998, the Company recorded contract loss provisions of
approximately $775,000 and $480,000, respectively.

Stock Based Compensation

         The Company  accounts for stock options in accordance  with APB Opinion
No.25,  "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees"  ("APB 25"). Under APB 25, no
compensation  expense is recognized  for stock or stock  options  issued at fair
value.  For stock options  granted at exercise  prices below the estimated  fair
value,  the Company  records  deferred  compensation  expense for the difference
between the  exercise  price of the shares and the  estimated  fair  value.  The
deferred  compensation  expense is amortized  ratably over the vesting period of
the individual options. For performance based stock options, the Company records
compensation expense related to these options over the performance period.

         Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 123,  "Accounting for
Stock Based  Compensation"  ("SFAS 123"),  provides an  alternative to APB 25 in
accounting for stock based compensation  issued to employees.  SFAS 123 provides
for a fair value based  method of  accounting  for  employee  stock  options and
similar equity instruments.  However, for companies that continue to account for
stock based compensation arrangements under APB 25, SFAS 123 requires disclosure
of the pro forma  effect on net  income  and  earnings  per share as if the fair
value based method prescribed by SFAS 123 had been applied. The pro forma effect
on net  income and  earnings  per share were not  material  for the  years-ended
December 31, 2000,  1999, and 1998.  The Company  intends to continue to account
for stock based  compensation  arrangements under APB No. 25 and has adopted the
pro forma disclosure requirements of SFAS 123.

Advertising Expense

         The cost of  advertising  is  expensed  as  incurred.  Advertising  and
marketing expense was approximately $33,000,  $77,000, and $193,000 during 2000,
1999, and 1998, respectively.

Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock

         All net loss per  share of Common  Stock  amounts  presented  have been
computed  based on the  weighted  average  number  of  shares  of  Common  Stock
outstanding  in accordance  with SFAS 128.  Stock warrants and stock options are
not included in the  calculation  of dilutive  loss per common share because the
Company  has  experienced   operating  losses  in  all  periods  presented  and,
therefore, the effect would be antidilutive.

New Accounting Standards

         In 1998, the Financial  Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No.
133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" ("SFAS 133")
which is effective  for fiscal  years  beginning  after June 15, 2000.  SFAS 133
establishes  accounting  and  reporting  standards for  derivative  instruments,
including certain derivative  instruments  embedded in other contracts,  and for
hedging  activities.  It requires that an entity  recognize all  derivatives  as
either assets or liabilities in the statement of financial  position and measure
those instruments at fair value. SFAS 133 contains disclosure requirements based
on the type of hedge  and the type of  market  risk  that is being  hedged.  The
Company has elected to defer  adoption of SFAS 133 until 2001.  The Company does
not believe  adoption  will have a material  impact on the  Company's  financial
position or results of operations.

Income Taxes

         Deferred  income  taxes  are  calculated  using  the  liability  method
prescribed by Statement of Financial  Accounting  Standards No. 109, "Accounting
for Income Taxes" ("SFAS 109").

Concentrations of Credit Risk

         The Company markets its products and services to financial institutions
throughout the United States. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of
customers  and  retains a  security  interest  in leased  equipment  related  to
sales-type leases.

Use of Estimates

         The  preparation of financial  statements in conformity  with generally
accepted  accounting  principles  requires  management  to  make  estimates  and
assumptions  that affect the amounts  reported in the financial  statements  and
accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Reclassification

         Certain  amounts in 1999 and 1998 have been  reclassified to conform to
2000 presentations for comparability.  These reclassifications have no effect on
previously reported stockholders' equity or net loss.

4.       Sales-Type and Operating Leases
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         The  components  of the net  investment  in  sales-type  leases  are as
follows:

                                                                               December 31,

                                                                           2000               1999
                                                             -------------------- -------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>                 <C>
  Total minimum lease payments receivable                              $ 162,972           $ 628,081
  Less unearned interest income                                           (5,833)            (53,766)
  Net investment in sales-type leases                                  $ 157,139           $ 574,315
                                                             ==================== ===================
                                                             ==================== ===================
  Net investment in sales-type leases is classified as:

     Current                                                           $ 157,139           $ 324,485
     Non-current                                                               -             249,830
                                                             -------------------- -------------------
                                                                       $ 157,139           $ 574,315
                                                             ==================== ===================
</TABLE>

         Future  minimum lease  payments to be received on sales-type  leases at
December 31, 2000 are $162,972.  All remaining lease payments are to be received
in the year 2001.

5.       Inventories
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Inventories consist of the following:

                                                                           December 31,

                                                                     2000                 1999
                                                              -------------------- -------------------
<S>                                                             <C>                  <C>
Electronic parts and other components                           $      676,546       $      976,345
Work in process                                                        774,331            1,189,766
Finished goods                                                         754,325              772,407
                                                              -------------------- -------------------
                                                                     2,205,202            2,938,518
Reserve for obsolescence                                            (1,227,928)          (1,713,986)
                                                              -------------------- -------------------
                                                                $      977,274       $    1,224,532
                                                              ==================== ===================


</TABLE>


6.       Property and Equipment
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Property and equipment consists of the following:

                                                                            December 31,

                                                                     2000                 1999
                                                              -------------------- --------------------
<S>                                                              <C>                 <C>
ALM equipment leased to others under operating leases            $           -       $      424,518
Data processing equipment                                            2,618,284            2,594,052
Demonstration equipment                                                727,267            1,080,259
Office furniture and fixtures                                        1,426,348            2,337,307
Automobiles                                                             72,003               72,003
Purchased software                                                   2,017,891            2,173,584
                                                              -------------------- --------------------
                                                                     6,861,793            8,681,723
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                      (5,998,980)          (5,759,953)
                                                              -------------------- --------------------
                                                                 $      862,813      $    2,921,770
                                                              ==================== ====================
</TABLE>

Accumulated  depreciation  of ALM equipment  leased to others was  approximately
$394,000 at December 31, 1999.

7.       Notes Payable

         During June 1998,  Surety  entered into an  agreement  with a lender to
establish  a credit  facility  with a maximum  borrowing  amount of  $2,000,000.
Pursuant  to the terms of the  agreement,  Surety may obtain  advances  from the
lender for funding of mortgage  loans made by Surety  during the interim  period
between the funding and sale of the loans to permanent  investors.  All advances
made pursuant to the agreement are secured by a security  interest in the rights
and benefits due Surety in conjunction  with the making of the underlying  loan.
The credit  facility  bears  interest at the  lender's  prime rate plus 50 basis
points  and  expires  on June 1,  2001.  Outstanding  borrowings  under the Loan
Warehousing  Agreement  at December 31, 2000 were  $922,545  bearing an interest
rate of 10%. There were no  outstanding  borrowings  under the Loan  Warehousing
Agreement as of December 31, 1999.

8.       Convertible Debenture

         In November  2000,  the Company  issued a convertible  debenture in the
amount of $1 million at an interest  rate of 8%. The  debenture is fully payable
in May 2002 and includes  detachable  warrants to purchase 200,000 shares of the
Company's  common  stock.  Additionally,  in  conjunction  with  the sale of the
debenture, warrants to purchase 35,000 shares of the Company's common stock were
issued  to a broker.  A  discount  on the  debenture  of  $52,000  was  recorded
representing the estimated original value of the common stock purchase warrants.

         Under the terms of the  debenture  agreement,  the investor may convert
principal and interest of the debenture at any time during the debenture's  term
into the Company's common stock at the election of the investor.  The conversion
rate is the lower of $1 per share or 65% of the average  lowest closing price of
the  Company's  common  stock for three days in the  twenty-two  (22) day period
preceding the investor's  conversion  notification to the Company.  The investor
converted  $130,000 of principal into 1,534,533  shares of the Company's  common
stock in January 2001, and 1,503,398 in March 2001. Additionally, in March 2001
the Company made a $50,000 principal reduction payment.

9.       Stockholders' Equity

Preferred Stock

         Pursuant to the Company's  Certificate of  Incorporation,  the Board of
Directors has the  authority,  without  further action by the  stockholders,  to
issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix
the designations,  powers, preferences,  privileges, and relative participating,
optional or special rights and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions.
thereof,  including dividend rights,  conversion rights, voting rights, terms of
redemption and liquidation preferences,  any or all of which may be greater than
the rights of the Common  Stock.  At  December  31,  2000 there are no shares of
preferred stock issued or outstanding.

Stock Option Plans

         During  1995,  the  Company  adopted  the 1995  Option Plan under which
incentive  stock  options  and  nonqualified  stock  options  may be  granted to
employees,  directors,  consultants or independent contractors.  At December 31,
2000, approximately 153,000 options were exercisable.  At December 31, 2000, the
weighted  average  exercise price was $0.44 and the weighted  average  remaining
contractual life was 5.0 years. This plan closed during April 1996.

         In April 1996,  the Company  adopted the 1996  Incentive  Stock  Option
Plan.  Under  the terms of both  plans,  incentive  options  may be issued at an
exercise  price not less than the  estimated  fair  market  value on the date of
grant. Generally, options granted vest ratably over a 60 month term.

         In  addition,  the 1996 Stock  Option  Plan was  amended  and  restated
effective  May 28,  1999,  to  increase  the  number of  shares of common  stock
available  for issuance from  1,900,000 to 2,900,000 and to permit  non-employee
directors  to  participate  in the 1996 Stock  Option  Plan.  As a result of the
amendment,  non-employee directors will receive options to purchase 5,000 shares
of  Common  Stock of the  company  on the 5th  business  day after  each  annual
shareholder meeting.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


A summary of activity under the 1996 and 1995 Option Plans is as follows:

                                                                       Options Outstanding

                                                             ---------------------------------------
                                                        Shares                           Weighted Average
                                                      Available             Number            Price
                                                      for Grant            of Shares       Per Share

      <S>                                      <C>                        <C>                 <C>
      1995 Stock Option Plan

      Balance at December 31, 1997                             -             887,396          $0.44
      Options canceled/forfeited                               -            (175,642)         $0.44
      Options exercised                                        -              (9,540)         $0.44
                                               ------------------- -------------------- ------------------
      Balance at December 31, 1998                             -             702,214          $0.44
      Options canceled/forfeited                               -             (69,324)         $0.44
      Options exercised                                        -            (387,076)         $0.44
                                               ------------------- -------------------- ------------------
      Balance at December 31, 1999                             -             245,814          $0.44
      Options canceled/forfeited                               -              (9,434)         $0.44
      Options exercised                                        -             (53,000)         $0.44
                                               ------------------- -------------------- ------------------
      Balance at December 31, 2000                             -             183,380          $0.44
                                               =================== ==================== ==================

      1996 Stock Option Plan

      Balance at December 31, 1997                     1,183,800             716,200          $6.66
      Options granted                                 (1,544,255)          1,544,255          $1.03
      Options canceled/forfeited                         636,805            (636,805)         $5.63
                                               ------------------- -------------------- ------------------
      Balance at December 31, 1998                       276,350           1,623,650          $1.55
      Shares reserved                                  1,000,000                   -            -
      Options granted                                   (235,200)            235,200          $1.52
      Options canceled/forfeited                         316,310            (316,310)         $1.20
      Options exercised                                        -              (2,000)         $0.91
                                               ------------------- -------------------- ------------------
      Balance at December 31, 1999                     1,357,460           1,540,540          $1.63
      Options granted                                 (1,067,500)          1,067,500          $1.15
      Options canceled/forfeited                         693,970            (693,970)         $1.16
      Options exercised                                        -            (169,930)         $0.98
                                               ------------------- -------------------- ------------------
                                               ------------------- -------------------- ------------------
      Balance at December 31, 2000                       983,930           1,744,140          $1.59
                                               =================== ==================== ==================
</TABLE>

         A summary of stock options  exercisable  and stock options  outstanding
under the 1996 Option Plan is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                   1996 Stock Option Plan

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ------------------- ----------------------------------------- -----------------------------------------------------------
                        Options Exercisable                                Options Outstanding
                        at December 31, 2000                               At December 31, 2000
              ========================================= ===========================================================

              ----------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------
              -------------------- -------------------- -------------------- -------------------- -----------------
                                                                                                              Weighted

                                                Weighted                                  Weighted            Average


       Range of                                  Average                                   Average           Remaining
       Exercise             Number                Price               Number                Price           Contractual
        Prices            Exercisable           Per Share           Outstanding           Per Share         Life (years)
  ------------------- -------------------- -------------------- -------------------- -------------------- -----------------
  ------------------- -------------------- -------------------- -------------------- -------------------- -----------------
    <S>                           <C>             <C>                     <C>               <C>                 <C>
    $0.50 - $0.94                 236,960         $0.82                     665,270         $0.79               8.1
    $1.06 - $3.75                  67,203         $3.11                     972,695         $1.50               8.9
    $6.75 - $7.38                  63,705         $7.34                     106,175         $7.34               6.0
                      --------------------                      --------------------
    $0.50 - $7.38                 367,868         $2.36                   1,744,140         $1.59               8.4
                      ====================                      ====================

</TABLE>

9.       Stockholder's Equity (continued)

         The Company has recorded in 1996 and 1995 deferred compensation expense
totaling approximately $5,492,000 for the difference between the grant price and
the deemed fair value of certain of the Company's  common stock options  granted
under the 1995 Plan. During 1997, the Company adjusted the deferred compensation
expense to reflect actual compensation  expense earned by terminated  employees.
The Company  continues to amortize the deferred  compensation  of the  remaining
individuals  still  employed  by the  Company  over the  vesting  period  of the
individual's  options.  The vesting  period for other  options is  generally  60
months.  Amortization of deferred  compensation in 2000,  1999, and 1998 totaled
approximately $102,000, $156,000, and $599,000, respectively.

         During  July 1998,  independent  of the 1995 and 1996  Incentive  Stock
Option Plans and in  connection  with the  employment of the President and Chief
Executive  Officer of the  Company,  the  Company  issued an option to  purchase
250,000  shares of Common Stock of the Company at an exercise price of $0.94 per
share. The exercise price equaled the estimated fair market value on the date of
grant and the  vesting of this  option was  ratable  over a 60 month  term.  The
President  and Chief  Executive  Officer  resigned  on January  10, 2000 and the
option  was  terminated.  Also in  conjunction  with  the  President  and  Chief
Executive  Officer's  resignation  and the termination of his option to purchase
250,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company,  the Company's Board of Directors
voted to accelerate  the vesting of options  granted under the 1996 Stock Option
Plan to purchase  50,000 shares of the Common Stock of the Company.  All options
granted to the previous  President and Chief Executive Officer were exercised in
2000.

Stock Warrants

         In 1995,  the Company  formalized  an agreement  with a related  party,
resulting  from certain  financing  arrangements  preceding  the Initial  Public
Offering,  for the  issuance  of a stock  warrant  under which the party had the
right to purchase up to an aggregate  of  6,666,340  shares of common stock at a
purchase price of  approximately  $.0001 per share. The agreement also specified
that the  warrant  could be  exercised  in whole or in part at any time prior to
December  31, 2015 only if,  absent prior  written  regulatory  approval,  after
giving  effect  of such  exercise,  the party  beneficially  owns less than five
percent of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock. During 1997 the
party  obtained  written  regulatory  approval  to  exercise  the warrant in its
entirety.  The  warrant is not  transferable  without  regulatory  approval.  On
December 31, 1997 and December 28,  1995,  the party  exercised  portions of the
warrant and acquired 2,400,000 and 795,000 shares of Common Stock, respectively.
In March 2001,  the party  exercised  the  remainder of the warrant and acquired
3,471,340 shares of the Company's common stock.

Common Stock Purchase Agreement

         On September 26, 2000, the Company entered into a common stock purchase
agreement.  Under the agreement,  the company may sell,  periodically in monthly
installments  during  a period  of 18  months,  up to  6,000,000  shares  of the
Company's  common stock at a price equal to 85% of the volume  adjusted  average
market price of the Company's stock at the time of issuance.  The Company is not
permitted to sell any shares until it has  registered  such shares for resale by
the investor under the Securities Act of 1933. Under the agreement,  the Company
issued to the investor a  three-year  warrant to acquire  720,000  shares of the
Company's  common stock at a price equal to 115% of the average closing price of
the  stock  at the  time of  issuance.  The  Company  ascribed  no  value to the
warrants. In addition,  any time the Company sells any shares of stock under the
agreement,  it would be  required to issue to the  investor a 35-day  warrant to
acquire 25% of the number of shares sold.  The warrants  would be exercisable at
the average  purchase price paid by the investor for such shares.  Initially the
amount of capital  the  Company  could  raise  under the common  stock  purchase
agreement during any month was not less than $250,000 or more than the lesser of
$1,000,000,  or 4.5% of the product of the daily  volume-weighted  average stock
price during the three-month period prior to a drawdown request and the total
trading volume in the Company's stock during the same three-month period. In
March 2001, the minimum  drawdown  request was reduced to $100,000. At December
31, 2000, the Company  would  not have been  able to sell any  shares of its
stock under the equity line agreement.

10.      Acquisition

     On May 7, 1997 the Company  acquired the assets of Buy  American,  Inc. and
Project  Freedom,  Inc.,  two related  companies,  for  aggregate  consideration
consisting  of $300,000 in cash and  issuance  of 259,460  shares of  restricted
common stock.  The acquisition  was accounted for as a purchase.  The results of
operations of Buy American,  Inc. and Project Freedom,  Inc. are included in the
consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition.

     The restricted  common stock issued in association with the acquisition was
subject  to a call  option by the  Company  and put option by the  sellers.  The
Company had a single option to repurchase any or all shares of restricted common
stock at a price of $5.78 per share.  The  sellers  of Buy  American,  Inc.  and
Project  Freedom,  Inc.  had a single  option  to sell any or all the  shares of
restricted  common stock to the Company at a price of $3.47 per share.  In April
1999, the Company and sellers of Buy American,  Inc. and Project  Freedom,  Inc.
cancelled the call and put options.

11.      Leases

         The Company has  noncancelable  operating  leases for the rental of its
offices and ALM assembly  operations.  Future minimum lease payments under these
leases at December 31, 2000 are $422,214 payable in 2001.

         In 2000,  1999, and 1998 the Company  incurred rent expense,  including
rent associated with cancelable rental  agreements,  of approximately  $519,000,
$903,000, and $915,000, respectively. Additionally, in 1999 the Company recorded
approximately $449,000 for excess rent capacity as other operating expense.

12.      Income Taxes

         As of  December  31,  2000,  the  Company  had  federal  and  state net
operating loss  carryforwards  of approximately  $58,606,000.  The net operating
loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2009, if not utilized.

        Deferred   income  taxes   reflect  the  net  tax  effect  of  temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting  purposes  and the amounts used for income tax  purposes.  Significant
components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities consisted of the
following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          December 31,

                                                    2000                 1999
                                            --------------------- --------------------
    <S>                                     <C>                   <C>
    Deferred tax assets:
       Net operating loss carryforwards     $         21,859,900  $        19,493,400
       Intangible Assets                                 668,400               81,800
       Inventory valuation reserve                       458,000              639,300
       Writedown of property and equipment               411,300                    -
       Other                                               9,400              292,300
                                            --------------------- --------------------
    Total deferred tax assets                         23,407,000           20,506,800
                                            --------------------- --------------------
    Deferred tax liabilities:
       Capitalized software costs                      (111,600)            (447,200)
       Depreciation                                     (47,200)            (154,900)
       Other                                            (30,900)            (113,300)
                                            --------------------- --------------------
                                            --------------------- --------------------
    Total deferred tax liabilities                     (189,700)            (715,400)
                                            --------------------- --------------------
    Less:  Valuation allowance                      (23,217,300)         (19,791,400)

                                            --------------------- --------------------
    Total net deferred taxes                            $      -             $      -
                                            ===================== ====================
</TABLE>

         The Company has recorded a valuation  allowance  for the full amount of
its net  deferred  tax  assets  as of  December  31,  2000  and  1999,  based on
management's  evaluation of the evidential  recognition  requirements  under the
criteria  of  SFAS  109.  The  main  component  of  the  evidential  recognition
requirements was the Company's  cumulative  pretax losses since  inception.  The
provision for income taxes at the Company's  effective  rate did not differ from
the provision for income taxes at the statutory rate for 2000, 1999, and 1998.

13.      Segment Information

         The  Company  conducts  its  business  within  one  industry  segment -
financial  services  technology.  To date, all revenues generated have been from
transactions with North American customers.  One customer accounted for 36%, 35%
and 49% of revenues in 2000,  1999,  and 1998,  respectively.  All other segment
disclosures  required  by SFAS 131 are  included in the  consolidated  financial
statements or in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

14.      Other Related Party Transactions

         The Company  had leased  ALMs to a bank which held  warrants to acquire
shares of common stock of the Company. See Note 9. The Company had installed and
otherwise delivered a number of ALMs on behalf of the bank during 1996 and 1995.
In 1998,  pursuant to a termination  agreement executed between the bank and the
Company, amounts due the Company totaling approximately $505,000 were settled in
consideration  of a $50,000  payment and the return of the ALMs to the  Company.
The amount due the Company was charged to the allowance for doubtful accounts of
as of December 31, 1998. The bank also provided financing for the Company in the
form of an unsecured  loan  preceding the Initial  Public  Offering and provided
lease financing for a small portion of ALM hardware.

     During  February  1998,  Surety  entered  into an agreement  with  Resource
Bancshares  Mortgage Group,  Inc.  ("RBMG"),  pursuant to which the Company will
underwrite and process mortgage loans in accordance with guidelines specified by
RBMG. The Company  receives a fee from RBMG for the  underwriting and processing
services  performed.  A member of the Company's Board of Directors served as the
Chairman and Chief Executive  Officer of RBMG until December 1999.  During 1999
and 1998, the Company processed and sold to RBMG  approximately  $12,369,000 and
$18,300,000, respectively, in mortgage loans resulting in approximately $286,000
and $330,000, respectively, in revenue for the Company.

15.      Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

         As of  December  31,  2000  Surety  had  approximately  $10,279,000  in
commitments  outstanding  to originate and sell mortgage  loans.  Commitments to
originate mortgage loans represent mortgage loan applications where the borrower
has locked in the interest rate. Commitments to sell mortgage loans to investors
represent optional  commitments to sell mortgage loans at a future date and at a
specified price.

         The  Company is subject to legal  actions  which from time to time have
arisen in the ordinary course of business.  In addition,  a claim was filed by a
plaintiff who claimed  certain rights,  damages and interests  incidental to the
Company's  formation and  development.  The claim  resulted in a jury verdict of
$68,000 in favor of the plaintiff and the plaintiff subsequently requested,  and
was granted, a new trial. The Company is appealing the grant of a new trial. The
Company  intends to  vigorously  contest  such  actions  and,  in the opinion of
management,  the Company has  meritorious  defenses and the  resolution  of such
actions will not materially affect the financial position of the Company.

         On April 18, 2000, the Company filed a lawsuit against The Dime Savings
Bank of New York,  FSB and Hudson United  Bancorp in The United States  District
Court for the District of South Carolina,  Columbia Division.  The lawsuit arose
out of the  Company's  contract  with  The Dime  Savings  Bank  relating  to the
development of a system to process and automate decisioning of automobile loans.
The  contract  was  acquired by The Dime  Savings  Bank in  connection  with its
acquisition  of the  indirect  automobile  loan  business  formerly  operated by
Citibank,  N.A.  In January  2001,  the Company  settled  its lawsuit  with Dime
through  mediation,  a provision of which was the release of Hudson from further
legal action by the Company.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

16.      Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited)

                                First              Second                Third              Fourth
                               Quarter             Quarter              Quarter             Quarter
                          ------------------ -------------------- -------------------- ------------------
                          ------------------ -------------------- -------------------- ------------------

   <S>                         <C>                  <C>                  <C>                <C>
   Year ended December
   31, 2000
   Net sales                   $  353,117           $  679,261           $  446,352         $  676,783
   Gross Profit                   241,790              455,292              350,567            550,536
   Net loss                    (1,811,159)          (1,505,263)          (1,552,311)        (4,334,363)
   Net loss per share -
   basic and diluted                (0.06)               (0.05)               (0.05)             (0.14)

   Year ended December
   31, 1999

   Net sales                  $   325,959          $ 1,168,352          $   879,581         $  501,009
   Gross Profit                   156,131              137,676               30,618            288,008
   Net loss                    (2,453,711)          (2,512,132)          (3,305,997)        (3,822,796)
   Net loss per share -
   basic and diluted                (0.08)               (0.08)               (0.11)             (0.13)
</TABLE>

         The sum of net loss per share for the first through fourth  quarters of
1999  differs  from the annual  results due to the effect of rounding  quarterly
results.

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
         Financial Disclosure

         Not applicable.

Part III

Item 10.   Directors and Officers of the Registrant

         Information required by this Item will be contained in the Registrant's
definitive proxy statement  relating to its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
held on May 23, 2001 under the captions  "Board of Directors" and "Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting  Compliance," which are incorporated by reference
herein.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation

         Information required by this Item will be contained in the Registrant's
definitive proxy statement  relating to its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
held on May 23,  2001  under  the  caption  "Executive  Compensation",  which is
incorporated by reference herein.

Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

         Information required by this Item will be contained in the Registrant's
definitive proxy statement  relating to its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
held on May 23, 2001 under the caption  "Security  Ownership of  Management  and
Certain Beneficial Owners," which is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

         Information required by this Item will be contained in the Registrant's
definitive proxy statement  relating to its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
held  on May  23,  2001  under  the  caption  "Certain  Transactions"  which  is
incorporated by reference herein.

Part IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K

     (a)  (1)  The  following  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Affinity
     Technology Group,  Inc. and subsidiaries  included in this Annual Report on
     Form 10-K are  included  in Item 8.
                i.  Consolidated  Balance  Sheets as of  December 31, 2000 and
                    1999.
               ii.  Consolidated  Statement of Operations for the years ended
                    December  31,  2000,  1999,  and 1998.
              iii.  Consolidated  Statements of  Stockholders'  Equity for the
                    years ended December 31, 2000, 1999,  and 1998.
               iv.  Consolidated  Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
                    December  31, 2000,  1999,  and 1998.
                v.  Notes to the  Consolidated Financial Statements for the
                    years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998.

           (2)      Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

                  No other  financial  statement  schedules are to be filed with
         this Annual  Report on Form 10-K due to the  absence of the  conditions
         under which they are  required or because the required  information  is
         included  within the  consolidated  financial  statements  or the notes
         thereto included herein.

         (3)      Exhibits:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

   Exhibit Number     Description

--------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        <S>           <C>
        3.1           Certificate of Incorporation of Affinity  Technology Group, Inc., which is hereby  incorporated
                        by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration  Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity Technology
                        Group, Inc. (File No. 333-1170).
        3.2           Bylaws of Affinity  Technology  Group,  Inc.,  which is hereby  incorporated  by  reference  to
                        Exhibit 3.2 to the  Registration  Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity  Technology  Group,  Inc.
                        (File No. 333-1170).
        4.1           Specimen  Certificate of Common Stock which is hereby  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1
                        to the  Registration  Statement  on Form S-1 of Affinity  Technology  Group,  Inc.  (File No.
                        333-1170).
        4.2           Warrant to Purchase  Common Stock of Affinity  Technology  Group,  Inc. dated November 8, 1995,
                        for the purchase,  subject to certain conditions,  of up to 6,666,340 shares of Common Stock,
                        which is hereby  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the  Registration  Statement on
                        Form S-1 of Affinity Technology Group, Inc. (File No. 333-1170).
        4.3           Sections 4, 7 and 8 of the Certificate of Incorporation of Affinity  Technology Group, Inc., as
                        amended,  and Article II, Sections 3, 9, and 10 of the By-laws of Affinity  Technology Group,
                        Inc., as amended, which are incorporated by reference to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively.
        4.4           Common Stock Purchase  Agreement,  dated as of June 2, 2000, between Affinity Technology Group,
                        Inc., and Redmond Fund,  Inc.,  which is hereby  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to
                        the  Registration  Statement  on Form  S-3 of  Affinity  technology  Group,  Inc.  (File  No.
                        333-41898).
        4.5           Form of Common Stock Purchase  Warrant issued by Affinity  Technology  Group,  Inc., to Redmond
                        Fund,  Inc.,  which is hereby  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the  Registration
                        Statement of From S-3 of Affinity Technology Group, Inc. (File No. 333-41898)
        4.6           Convertible Debenture and Warrants Purchase Agreement,  dated as of September 22, 2000, between
                        Affinity Technology Group, Inc., to AMRO  International,  S. A., which is hereby incorporated
                        by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the  Registration  Statement  Form S-2 of Affinity  Technology
                        Group, Inc. (File No. 333-48176)
        4.7           Form  of  8%  Convertible  Debenture  issued  by  Affinity  Technology  Group,  Inc.,  to  AMRO
                        International,  S. A.,  which is hereby  incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.9 to the
                        Registration Statement on Form S-2 of Affinity Technology Group, Inc. (File No. 333-48176).
        4.8           Form  of  Stock  Purchase  Warrant  issued  by  Affinity   Technology  Group,   Inc.,  to  AMRO
                        International,  S. A.,  which is hereby  incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  4.10 to the
                        Registration Statement on Form S-2 of Affinity Technology Group, Inc. (File No. 333-48176).
        4.9           Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated as of September 22, 2000,  between Affinity  Technology
                        Group,  Inc., and AMRO  International,  S.A.,  which is hereby  incorporated  by reference to
                        Exhibit 4.11 to the Registration  Statement Form S-2 of Affinity Technology Group, Inc. (File
                        No. 333-48176).
        4.10          Form of Stock  Purchase  Warrant  issued  by  Affinity  Technology  Group,  Inc.,  to  Cardinal
                        Securities,  LLC,  which  is  hereby  incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  4.12  to  the
                        Registration Statement Form S-2 of Affinity Technology Group, Inc. (File No. 333-48176).
       10.1*          Form of Stock  Option  Agreement  (1995 Stock Option  Plan),  which is hereby  incorporated  by
                        reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the  Registration  Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity  Technology
                        Group, Inc. (File No. 333-1170).
       10.2*          Form of Stock  Option  Agreement  (1996 Stock Option  Plan),  which is hereby  incorporated  by
                        reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the  Registration  Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity  Technology
                        Group, Inc. (File No. 333-1170).
       10.3*          Form of Stock Option Agreement  (Directors' Stock Option Plan), which is hereby incorporated by
                        reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the  Registration  Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity  Technology
                        Group, Inc. (File No. 333-1170).
       10.4*          1995 Stock Option Plan of Affinity  Technology  Group,  Inc.,  which is hereby  incorporated by
                        reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration  Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity  Technology
                        Group, Inc. (File No. 333-1170).
       10.5*          Amended and  Restated  1996 Stock  Option Plan of Affinity  Technology  Group,  Inc.,  which is
                        hereby  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the
                        quarter ended September 30, 1999.
       10.6*          Non-Employee  Directors' Stock Option Plan of Affinity  Technology Group, Inc., which is hereby
                        incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit  10.12 to the  Registration  Statement on Form S-1 of
                        Affinity Technology Group, Inc. (File No. 333-1170).
        10.7          Stock Rights  Agreement,  dated October 20, 1995,  between Affinity  Technology Group, Inc. and
                        certain  investors,  which is  hereby  incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.15 to the
                        Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Affinity Technology Group, Inc. (File No. 333-1170).
       10.8*          Declaration of First Amendment to 1995 Stock Option Plan of Affinity Technology Group, Inc.
         21           Subsidiaries of Affinity Technology Group, Inc.
        23.1          Consent of Independent Auditors.
         27           Financial Data Schedule.

</TABLE>

* Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

(b)      Reports on Form 8-K filed in the 4th quarter of 2000:

         The Registrant did not file any Current  Reports on Form 8-K during the
last fiscal quarter of the period covered by this report.

(c)      Exhibits

         The exhibits  required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are filed herewith
and incorporated by reference herein. The response to this portion of Item 14 is
submitted under Item 14(a) (3).

(d)      Financial Statement Schedules.

         The  response  to  this  portion  of Item 14 is  submitted  under  Item
14(a)(2).


Signatures

         Pursuant to the  requirements  of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the  Registration has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Affinity Technology Group, Inc.
Date:    March 30, 2001               By:      /s/  Joseph A. Boyle
                                      -----------------------------------------
                                      Joseph A. Boyle
                                      President and Chief Executive Officer

         Pursuant to the  requirements  of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,
this  report has been  signed  below by the following  persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

    Signatures                          Title                                               Date

    <S>                                 <C>                                                 <C>
    ----------------------------------- --------------------------------------------------- ---------------------


    /s/ Joseph A. Boyle                                                                     March 30, 2001
    -----------------------------------
    Joseph A. Boyle                     Chairman, President, Chief Executive and Chief
                                        Financial Officer and Director
                                        (principal executive and financial officer)


    /s/  Alan H. Fishman                                                                    March 30, 2001
    -----------------------------------
    Alan H. Fishman                     Director


    /s/  Robert M. Price, Jr.                                                               March 30, 2001
    -----------------------------------
    Robert M. Price, Jr.                Director


    /s/  Edward J. Sebastian                                                                March 30, 2001
    -----------------------------------
    Edward J. Sebastian                 Director


    /s/  Peter R. Wilson, Ph.D.                                                             March 30, 2001
    -----------------------------------
    Peter R. Wilson, Ph.D.              Director


    /s/  S. Sean Douglas                                                                    March 30, 2001
    -----------------------------------
    S. Sean Douglas                     Vice President and Controller
                                        (principal accounting officer)



</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

---------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------- ------------------
                COL. A                       COL. B.                    COL. C                     COL. D            COL. E

---------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------------------------- ----------------- ------------------
                                                                       Additions

                                                           ----------------------------------
                                                           --------------- ------------------

                                            Balance at       Charged to    Charged to Other

                                           Beginning of      Costs and        Accounts -      Deductions-DescribeBalance at End
              Description                     Period          Expenses         Describe                             of Period
---------------------------------------- ----------------- --------------- ------------------ ----------------- ------------------
<S>                                     <C>                <C>             <C>                 <C>              <C>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
Reserves and allowances deducted
    From asset accounts:
Allowance for doubtful
    accounts                             $    105,076      $   60,000      $               -   $   155,609 (1)   $      9,467

Reserve for inventory
    obsolescence                            1,713,986         120,000                      -       606,058 (2)      1,227,928


YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
    1999

Reserves and allowances deducted from asset accounts:

    Allowance for doubtful
        accounts                         $    45,513     $    60,000      $               -    $      437 (1)    $   105,076

    Reserve for inventory
       obsolescence                        1,095,698         694,940                      -        76,652 (2)      1,713,986


YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
    1998

Reserves and allowances deducted from asset accounts:

    Allowance for doubtful                $   400,120     $   370,000      $               -     $ 724,607 (1)  $     45,513
       accounts
    Reserve for inventory                     173,007       1,060,000                      -     $ 137,309 (2)     1,095,698
       obsolescence


(1)      Uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries.
(2)      Obsolete parts written off.
</TABLE>


Exhibit Index

Exhibit Number           Description

------------------------ ------------------------------------------------------
21                       Subsidiaries of Affinity Technology Group, Inc.
23.1                     Consent of Ernst & Young LLP
27                       Financial Data Schedule


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


Exhibit 21 - Subsidiaries of Affinity Technology Group, Inc.

         Name                               Jurisdiction of Incorporation               Percent Owned

<S>                                                  <C>                                         <C>
Affinity Bank Technology Corporation                 Delaware, USA                               100%

Affinity Clearinghouse Corporation                   Delaware, USA                               100%

Affinity Credit Corporation                          Delaware, USA                               100%

Affinity Processing Corporation                      Delaware, USA                               100%

Affinity Mortgage Technology Corporation             Delaware, USA                               100%

decisioning.com, inc.                                Delaware, USA                               100%

Multi Financial Services, Inc.                       Delaware, USA                               100%

Surety Mortgage, Inc.                                Delaware, USA                               100%

Palmetto Mortgage Loans L.L.C.                       South Carolina, USA                          51%
</TABLE>

Exhibit 23.1 - Consent of Independent Auditors

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Form
S-8 No. 333-10435)  pertaining to the Affinity Technology Group, Inc. 1995 Stock
Option Plan,  1996 Stock  Option and the  Non-Employee  Directors'  Stock Option
Plan,  of our report  dated March 30,  2001,  with  respect to the  consolidated
financial statements and schedule of Affinity Technology Group, Inc. included in
the Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2000.

                                                         /s/  ERNST & YOUNG LLP


Greenville, South Carolina
March 30, 2001
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
